Book News AT A US ARMY HOSPITAL on Staten Island, NY, a patient just back from France discussed the wounded soldiers' reading. "The way we choose books is this," he said: "If one guy reads a book here in the ward and says it's good, then every- body reads it. What I mean is, maybe we won't agree with him on the book, but we read it. If he says a book is lousy, then nobody reads it. Now take Forever Amber; I think women would like that book, but I can't see men liking it. I read a couple of chapters, and then I figured it was all going to be just the same thing all over again, and I quit." Titles often asked for at the hos- pital library were Strange Fruit (banned in Massachusetts), Earth and High' Heaven (on race toleration serialised in the WE Mag last summer and - Forever Amber. says Mention of Kathleen Winsor, cloak and sword teaser brought up a discussion of screen versions of novels, and whether it is better to read a book first and see the film after, or vice versa. A surprising number of the soldiers said they preferred the books to the movies because "you are more likely to find something that surprises you in a book, while the movies are more like canned stuff. With movies you know what will be there when you see the label." * * * * ? In the last days of the war Aurora Verlag, a non-profit German publish- ing house, was organised in America by anti-Nazi refugee writers, including Lion Feuchtwanger and Heinrich Mann. Aurora was planning to print current works of non-Nazi German literature for German prisoners of War in the US who might want them, as well as for German-reading American citizens. says, TWO NEW FEATURES in" children's books are reported from America. Leo Rosten is author of that very funny book on a foreign immigrant in New York, The Education of Hyman Kaplan, and of several books on Hollywood. He has now become editor, and author, for the newly organised children's book house, Modern Children's Stories, Inc. Their plan is to get authors of established reputa- tions to write tales for children, the tales to be then submitted to "tests by a board of experts in child study. Crown Publishers, NY, has reprinted four of the best-known works of Horatio Alger, a children's author whose works sold 100 million copies in the period after the American Civil War. Two of the titles to be reissued are Ragged Dick and Jed the Poorer house Boy. Readers are expected to be sophisticated, and the very old, rather than the children of today. Underground printing presses in occupied Europe put out some very odd choices from among current books published abroad. Some of them, including belles lettres, had nothing whatever to do with war. Only a few days before V-E Day, Eudora Welty, in America, was slightly astonished at a request from the Danish underground for her volume, of short stories, The Green Curtain. She said she would have thought the Danes would be more interested in a book about how to make a bomb than in tales of life in the US South. However, she told them to go right ahead. INTERESTING FOR ITS ASSOCIA- TIONS and as a piece of book pro- duction, as well as for its contents, is the new edition of Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward, with a uniform issue of Equality. Looking Backward was studied, and highly praised, by men as diverse as the lawyer and Conservative Cabinet Minister the Earl of Birkenhead, the scientist Alfred Russell Wallace, and the late John Curtin. The new Looking Backward is published by the old Socialist Labour Party of Sydney at 2/9- (Inter- national Bookshop) ; Equality, twice as long, is 5/6. Each is decorated with long quotes from Benjamin Jowett, Lord Bryce, Maxim Gorky, Leon Trotsky, and with a cartoon by Percy Leason. The Equality cartoon recalls the late Will Dyson's series of 4ft years ago figuring a cigar smoker in a silk hat, named Fat. Looking Backward is a novel telling of a Bostonian who fell asleep in 1887 and woke up in 2000 to a Socialist world. Equality is its sequel. * * * * * Elmer Edgar Stoll is a New England Professor of English of the type of Irving Rabbit. The latter was the real name of a professor who de " tested current literature, disliked anything later than the 18th century, and really only thought highly of the Ancient Classics. That didn't prevent Professor Babbit calling himself a "Neo- Humanist." Professor Stoll, feeling much that way about literature,. now publishes From Shakespeare to Joyce (464 pages. New York: Double day Doran; 24/6 at Collins'), a collection of essays in 21 chapters. Since Professor Stout's function is almost wholly disciplinary, he is most down on his fellow-critics. In retort, one has called him "a rigid mind that, while strongly insisting that we must judge works of art on their own terms, happily proceeds to judge them on his." Another, however, admits that he is the "flushed dean of American Shakespearian scholarship." * * * * ? In W. S. Howard's uncle Aethelred there are a Miss Tickle, Mr and Mrs Witherspoon, a Montgomery Lippin cott Smythe, a Mrs Tweedlepuss, a Mr Ossian Falconsrot. '"A bishop! Great balls of fire, a bishop!' cried Uncle Aethelred." " 'There was a young lady, of Kew,' rasped the par- rot." "Esme "reread The Well of Lone' lines." While at the other end of the scale there are Liverpool Lottie, and people who sojourn as guests of His Majesty." All is precisely as funny as that in a time of national short- age of materials, labour, and good reading matter, the printing and binding of the 191 pages of this book are the responsibility of the NSW Bookstall Co. 