MISSING For Keeps I Every year thousands of peo¡ are reported missing by their lieved or sorrowing relativ Some of them "go missing" purpose. Some have no alte ative, for they are efficiently c posed of by someone who wai their money, their wife, th husband, or merely their life. The death in France last we of Leon Gaumont, one of t Pfrench pioneers of the moti picture industry, recalls the d appearance of another of t pioneers of the cinema-August le Prince of Leeds, England. Towards the end of the h century, physicists, scientists, ; ventors and engineers in Ëngla on the Continent, and in the U ited States were all intrigued wi the prospect of developing mc ing pictures. Many famous m were among the experimente who, bit by bit, improved on ti earliest inventions. One of the was the astromoner, Sir John He schel, who invented the "Thaui atrope," a card with a dog drav on one side and a kennel on t] other. When the card was twii ed on a string the dog appear« to be inside the kennel. That was one of the earlie attempts at moving pictures, bi by 1889 many improvements hi been made, and George Eastmi had begun manufacturing phot graphic film on a nitro-cellulo: base. THE DISAPPEARING INVENTOR Augustin le Prince was exper menting about the same time. I Prince, who haid been born i Metz in 1842, married an Englis wife, and established a school c Applied Arts in Leeds. He ha always been keenly interested i scientific experiments, and in 188 he patented a multi-lens projectc (which he called a "deliverer" and at the same time invented crude form of cinematograph fo taking moving pictures on sens: tised paper, using a gelatin foundation for his films instea of celluloid. By 1899 he ha workd out the use of perforation on the sides of the film to reg ulate its speed through the "de liverer." Then Le Prince went to «Pari -and mysteriously disa-ppeared Rumour, of course, ran wild and his disappearance create< something of a sensation in tw< countries-but Augustin Le Princi was never heard of again, t His was one of the great in \- ventive names in film develop ment, and the present-day. truim phs such as "Henry V" and "Thii Happy Breed" owe a great dea to this man who disappeared foi keeps. EXPERIMENTS AGAINST FIRE A disappearing inventor was only one of the trials the motion picture industry had to contend with in the days of its infancy. International squabbles over pat ent rights and -a fire in Paris which caused the death of 180 people were two set-backs which gave the industry hard knocks. The fire, which broke out at the Bazaar de la Charité in 1797, was thought to have been caused dir ectly by the motion picture mach ine. Among the 180 victims were 130 members of the nobility, and the career of the infant film in dustry was almost cut short for ever by this fire. For years afterwards the haz ard of fire was one of the great est worries of both producers and exhibitors, and constant research is still going on to make picture theatres absolutely fire proof. Fire authorities in many cities of the world, insurance companies' research officergkand industrial chemists have cffirained forces to experiment in firaproÄßing fabrics for safety curtains, eVsplving saf etyfkxits which won¿t'*jam in a crism %}4 in providnr efficient fire-fighttiifl|^umm<fflcL <J§ At the^nW'6^híJ0yiíi^eí dis appearance P«lice^fepM0n«iils did not have the highly tTOmed* org anisations behind them.tteit they have today. The tracing^of mis sing persons was a chancy bus iness, for inter-country coramum . cation was slow and gave anyone wanting to disappear a sporting chance of succeeding. But even in recent years, when "all mod. ¡ cons" have been outstanding feature of Police torganisations, i hundreds of people have disappear ed "for keeps" without leaving a trace. On of the most famous was Judge Joseph Crater, who disap peared on the evening of August 6, 1930, after dining in New York with another Judge and a Broadway chorus girl. i Ever since that night the Bur eau of Missing Persons has kept j a unrelenting search for the miss ing man. All sorts of conflicting rumours and "hunches" were fol- i lowed up, with no definite result, j But it was reported from New ! York last week that circumstantial \ evidence gathered by the Police ! and by private investigators has ' added up.to virtual proof of the | judge's death, and though legal j proof cannot be sustained, two ; insurance companies have arranged ¡ to pay the judge's widow some j £7000. j It is now thought that the Jud- ' ge, who was known to have been j carrying about £2000 on him on ! the night of his disappearance, ! was murdered in a taxi after he j left the restaurant with the Broad- \ way chorus girl, possibly by gang- ! ster frie'nds of hejrs who later cremated his body in another State. VANISHING SHIPS An Australian Judge, Judge Gavin-Duffy, of Melbourne, lost his mother and his sister aboard a ship which disappeared-for keeps. This was the passengter steamer "Waratah," which disap peared just before World War I while on a trip between Mel bourne and South Africa. For even these days, ships can, disappear "for keeps" without leaving any trace and in such a way that no explanation for their disappearance can ever be found. There was the five masted Danish training ship, "Koebenhavn," for instance, which sailed into ob livion in December 1928, with 50 young cadets airçong her crew. The Koebenhavn left Montevideo on December 14, 1928, for Fre mantle to pick up a cargo of wheat-for she was one of the grain ships plying between Aust ralia and the Continent. On December 20, she was "spoken" by the steamer William Blumber, and she was never seen again. Rescue ships searched for her all along her route, but she had dis appeared .as completely and as mysteriously as the passengers and crew of the Marie Celeste. Some ships, of course "dis appeared" to satisfy the greed of an unscrupulous captain or crew who had no idea but to collect in surance. Some of these ships were the infamous "coffin ships" which were deliberately sailed in an unseaworthy condition in the avowed but secret hope that they would founder. Whether or' not the unsuspecting passengers and the innocent members of the crew were drowned was immaterial. Manyi immigrant ships carrying settlers to America were among the "coffin ships," and the lives of thousands of men, women and children were lost as the result of this murderous cupidity. 