I^RAIi^S ^ISilMlTTEES PROPOSALS Marriage loans and rental rebates »o families as they increase have been suggested to the Commonwealth to 8 s^Mtion to Hie population problem. The Commonwealth Immigration Committee, when visiting Denmark, was impressed by this scheme for encouraging people to have families. This is stated in the committee's report, which j win tabled in the House of Representatives last week. '??.-.. -« ? ? ;?' The committee described as I ^impractical' the plan to bring 60^)00 children to Australia ovez a period of three years. ! Marriage loans and their effect on the national birthrate should be investigated as a means of lifting the Jevel of population,' says the committee's report. Drawing attention to the rent subsidy system operating in Den jnark and other European coun tries, the report says that a bal ance must be kept between the incoming migrant and the native born. At the invitation of the Danish Government the committee visited several workers' homes in the Copenhagen area. . \ 'The workers' homes are cheap in rental, carrying a progressive reduction for the parents withl r large families in the scale of — ''family of three, 30 per cent.; ^family of six, 60 per cent.,' the report states. \ In the workers' homes visited I there were huge blocks of fiats, 'j,with shopping centres, schools, 1 kindergartens, and playing areas attached. In these flats the minimum jWas five children, and there were about 1500 to one block of fi&ts.; I After spending months in [Europe the committee reported that no war orphans are avail able in any numbers for migra tion to Australia. A more reasonable plan would be to encourage those organisa tions already in existence church organisations and wel fare isntitutions — which are [handling child migration. IMMIGRATION PROSPECTS The committee urged that migrants should not be attracted here sensationally and dis honestly. If Australian beaches were por trayed, so also should be Austra lian deserts. Reports summed up prospects as: SWITZERLAND: S p 1 e n d id prospects for young migrants, both for rural and industrial callings. BELGIUM: No great flow of migrants expected. - HOLLAND: With Switzerland and Norway, numerically the strongest migration source. Gov ernment co-operation would be forthcoming. Many farmers' sons with small capital would come, since devastation had ruined much of their land. DENMARK : Not a great source of migration. Boat-builders and factory experts in dairying in terested. NORWAY: Many thousands of migrants, amounting to mass movement, expected from this 'country, covering every phase of industry, agriculture, and com merce, representing builders, shipwrights, engineers, and mem bers of the mercantile marine. More than 9000 children of German fathers were born in Norway during the occupation, land some .of these youngsters may provide Australia with migrants. The committee had discussions with the Norwegian Government on the future of these children. The children, aged . between four years and nine months, are known in Norway as 'Hitler's children.' . SWEDEN: A limited number, amounting to some thousands, could be ^expected. FINLAND: This country not visited by the committee, but Finns came especially from Hel sinki to meet the committee, and were anxious to migrate, and re presented shipbuilders, farmers, fishermen, timber workers, and others. Would come to Australia in considerable numbers. RECOMMENDATIONS The committee recommended:. The Commonwealth Govern-! ment should approach the British Government for a campaign to1 bring before British industrial-! ists the advantages of establish ing new factories or branches in Australia. The greatest danger to the successful settlement of migrants was a tendency to group to gether as national units. * This could be overcome if new arrivals were greeted as Aus tralians, not driven in upon themselves by epithets such, as 'pommy,' 'scowegiah'! and 'reffo,' and then blamed for' j creating their own little colonies. | A vigorous immigration policy in which selected migrants to Australia should be charged a flat fai%e of £10, where free or assisted passages do not apply, was recommended by the com mittee. PUBLICITY CAMPAIGN Other important recommenda tions contained in the, report are: (1) That landing money should be reduced to a minimum, and eventually abolished. (2) That a national publicity campaign should be launched conditioning Australia for the] arrival of migrants, assuring them that the new citizens will 'make' jobs, not 'take' them, and educating them out of the 'isolationist' attitude to the new arrival. (3) The Commonwealth Gov ernment should ask U.N.O. to set up a United Nations Migrations sub-committee to consider the future of displaced Europeans and their settlement in other parts of the world. (4) Elimination of 'double', taxation and taxation reductions are recommended to stimulate the flow of British capital. MARRIAGE LOANS The- committee considers that migration is only one aspect of the population problem, and suggests investigation ot the question oi marriage Ivans anu their effect on the national birth rate. Migrant clubs, such as those in Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Oslo, and Stockholmj should be encour aged, the report continues. SELECTING MIGRANTS The report says that the method of selection of migrants is by no means perfect. Although the migration off ice at Australia House had struggled valiantly with the flood of applications and interviews, it was naturally frus trated by the lack of a migra tion plan, and was merely a hold ing and a recording office until the plan emerged. Australia House should remain the entre of Australia's overseas migration organisation, but the staff should be increased and better arrangements made for dealing with intending migrants.! Branch offices should be estab lished in Switzerland, Holland,' Norwajr, and Denmark, with the latter covering Sweden, Finland,1 and the Baltic countries. REPORT PRAISEH Mr. Leslie Haylen, M.H.R. (Labor. N.S.W.), who was chair man of the delegation which re cently investigated migration prospects abroad, has received many congratulations on the re port. ' The delegation consisting of re presentatives of Parliament, em ployers' and employees' organi sations, visited the U.K. and Europe for the ' International Labor Conference in Paris. Mr. George Lawson, M.H.R. \- Labor, Brisbane), with Mr. Hay len, represented the Federal Gov : eminent. I A Commonwealth advisory committee was set up under the chairmanship of Mr. Haylen and] much valuable information was; collected following investigations in England and Europe. Mr. Calwell, Minister for Im migration and Information, in a foreword to the report, says that it is an outstanding contribution to the Government's plans for a ? vigorous migration policy. The report, he said, provides a clearly defined and comprehen sive picture of a subject of vital interest to all Australians. 