PERSONALITIES IN JEWISH LIFE 1’rof. Einstein fiishop Pilcher Mr. Bore-Belishn THE photographs on the borders of this supplement page are of prominent identities, who have been in the news during this year. We present hereunder brief accounts of the activities in which they figured: M. Leon Blum, now 74 year old, was again elected Premier of France last week. He is still suffering from the effects of his internment by the Vichy Government and the Nazis. He is an ardent supporter of a Jew ish Palestine. Governor Thomas Dewey, of New York State, is the public favourite for the next U.S. Presidential election. He has been on outspoken critic of Britain’s im migration policy in Palestine and has made innumerable pleas on be half of the remnants of European Jewry. Mr. Bernard Baruch was one of the closest political counsellors of the late President Roosevelt and also of President Truman. To his already distinguished list of appoint ments was recently added that of U.S. representative on the Atomic Control Commission. On October 25 Mr. Baruch, who has not been asso ciated with Zionism, declared during an address that he was in favour of the admission of Jews to Palestine. He deeply deplored the “shilly-shally ing” of the British and American Governments on the Palestine ques tion. Prof. Albert Einstein, famous physicist, gave his support to de serving Jewish causes in America this year. He was patron of many of the big appeals. He gave evi dence before the Anglo-American In quiry Commission, asserting the right of Jews to enter Palestine but favouring a democratic Palestinian State rather than a Jewish State. Bishop C. Ven Pilcher is one of the ctaunchest Christian friends of Aus tralian Jewry. A keen fighter of anti- Semitism, and chairman of the Australian-Palestine Committee, he has defended Jews both from the pulpit and in the press against mali cious anti-Semitic attacks. Mr. Les lie Hore-Belisha, who rose to fame as War Minister in the early years of the war, is again playing a promin ent part in the Conservative Party in England. He is considered a possible future leader of the Party. The identities on the right-hand side have all played an important role in American Jewish life during the year. Dr. S. Margoshes, editor of the. N.Y. Yiddish daily, “The Day,” visited Europe on behalf of World Jewish Congress and Jewish Workers’ Alliance. His first-hand ac counts of conditions in Poland were most revealing. For his praise of Danish treatment of Jews during the war, he was awarded a medal of dis tinction by the Danish Government. Mrs. David de Sola Pool, first rate teacher and lecturer, has been one of the most prominent in women’s ac tivities in American Jewish commu hal life. She has been a keen worker for Hadassa'h and Y.M.H.A. among many other organisations. Mr. Louis Lipsky and Dr. Israel Goldstein have done important Zion ist work at Washington throughout the year. Both have held high posts in American Zionism and have par ticipated in delegations which have called on President Truman and State Department officials to ac quaint them with the Zionist attitude during the Palestine talks. Rabbi Dr. Jonah B. Wise was a hard working campaigner for .the J.D.C. and other funds in U.S.A. He is associated with more than a dozen different New York Jewish groups including Hebrew Union Col lege, Immigrants’ Aid Society and Jewish Historical Society. He figured this year in the National Conference of Jews and Christians, pursuing his policy of advocating closer inter faith relations. Rabbi Joseph Hyman Lookstein has devoted himself to the work of World Jewish Congress. He partici pated in the drafting of W.J.C. policy in connection with the recent Peace Treaties. As Secretary of Rab binical Council of America, he has been a keen planner of Jewish educa tion in New York. He is a Mizrachi leader. Dr. I. Goldstein, Rabbi J. B. Wise Rabb! Looftateln. 