■ ■ ■ . How White Australia Faces a Rising Asia Group Settlement of Jewish Refugees By Dr. GEORGE M. BERGER Two sessions of the Conference were dedicated solely to the question what can and should be done to stop the alarming down ward trend in our rate of reproduction. (Continued from last week) In this respect Dr. Cuthbert par ticularly made many practical sug gestions, for instance concerning a taxation reform. The Treasurer should return to concessions in assessment as against rebates, and the concessions should be in creased with a greater number of children, instead of being reduced. Dr. Grace Cuthbert also ap pealed that “no woman should be penalised if she renders a service to 111© community by bearing children.” She thus has added an Australian voice in the struggle for social recognition of childbirth out of wedlock, that lately has been given much prominence by the refusal of a Danish woman M.P. to marry the father of the child she expects and her insist ence that she would return to the school on which she was teaching, a few months after the child’s birth. NON-ECONOMIC FACTORS Bishop Burgmann raised his voice for a new national f outlook. While the economic factors and remedies suggested to make the bringing-up of children less dis advantageous to the average citi zen should not be overlooked, there are also deeper currents in human life that will have to be considered, j The main part in a nations life is played by unconscious reactions. Life in the Western civilisation is too boring for people living in the factories, business and bank offices all day along. “We need a new mythology,” the Bishop said. “If we have no constructive mytholo gy, people will go on to the cities to die.” Australians are among the most unimaginative peoples on earth.” We have no vigorous, healthy, creative, imagination and | imaginative mythology and until we’ll get one we’ll be bound to die. IMMIGRATION POLICY Mr. Harris made it clear that no great number of immigrants can be expected from Great Britain. It would perhaps not be to the ad vantage of the United Kingdom to j lose the most enterprising and I vigorous people, he suggested, less now than ever, because of'the drop in its reproduction rate. The same is true regarding the small Scandinavian democracies, counting 11 million altogether. Refugees are available. Those with Nazi sympathies and Quis lings are not wanted., and Jewish refugees are not very popular. But old answers have to be re examined, particularly the ques tion of group settlement. The problem of capital investment has to be studied and the question whether the Commonwealth should share in financing settlements. “We are under obligation to do something with territory that is so impressively vast and empty,” Mr. Harris concluded. COMMUNAL GROUPS In the discussion following Mr. Harris’s paper, Professor Wood drew the attention of the confer ence to the success achieved in Canada by permitting newcomers to move into communal settle ments after their liking. In the next place I suggested that Australians would have to de cide whether they really wanted immigrants or not. If they did then there exists now a splendid opportunity' of gaining white settlers that might never recur. 900,000 displaced Jews,—600,000 according to more moderate esti mates, survivors of the most dreadful persecution, wish to leave Europe, and as, unfortunately, not all of them will be able to go to Palestine ,and Australia is high on the list of countries in which they would wish to settle, they should be offered this opportunity, ,• If the Australian nation does not think them fit to live as equals in the settled parts, then surely un developed territories could be made available to them for settle ment. ,If it was possible to bring here 1 million soldiers in a few months, then certainly it should not be impossible to find shipping for immigrants. They could on ar rival be housed in military camps where they could be trained for the activities in which they might, most profitably to the common good, engage in Australia. GOVERNMENT ORITISIZED Mr. Derby (Lib., Manly, N.S.W.) spoke of the Government’s irreai ism regarding the orphan immigra tion scheme for 17,000 per year, which was announced a year ago, and of which nothing was heard off since. We cannot pick immi grants like this, he suggested. Mr. Dovey of the Inter-Church Committee for Refugee Relief re called that the system of selection was a farce,—"Who selected us?” he asked. The 7,000 very selected refugees are an example. He had been amazed about the difficulties these few newcomers had to ex perience from Government autho rities, how unwelcome they have been made to feel. “We require a new outlook,” he summed-up. “Why hot have an open door for migration. Then yon will get immigrants of initiative and' personality to lead onwards i developments” ; DOGMATIC FIXATION r ! Professor Elkin reminded the Conference that the policy of' ex- ' elusion of coloured labour was 105 years old. Our White 'Australia policy is to the Asiatic civilisa tions a policy of racial" superiority, • offending their natiohal susceptibi lities. It should be discarded. We are at our wit's ends if we seek salvation in quality and fit ness instead of in both numbers and fitness. We are not even so very fit. There were 4.25 iiisane, under official cognisance alone~ among every 1000 people in N.S.W. in 1939, and the rate is increasing. Prof. Elkin warned. Many in the slum areas show mental ihferiori ty; psychologists found. “White Australia rests on power We do not possess it. It .would be doomed if' diplomatic pressure, on behalf of Asiatic nations would be brought to be&r.; on us by the world organisation.' Peace will not be built on fear, monopolies and competition.” “Freedom for us depends on co operative living in a world which I includes coloured men, and where race prejudice is at a minimum.” Bishop Burgmann, in his 'filial words, said: . \ . “Our fate is bound-up with' the fate of Asia. Do we want a cblour future or a cultured, future? Su rely the importance is on Culture seeking. The choice is between two visions. It would not matter if Australians of the future would gain the colour by miscegenation which they are now seeking ort the beaches.”- . .. . •••< ,. 