GLIMPSE OF VARIOUS COUNTRIES A.glimpse of "inside Europe," one country destitute, her next-door neigh» j bour enjoying economic stability but powerless owing to a total inadequacy of transport was given when he dis- cussed what he saw in Europe during his visit there last year. He had at- tended the International Labour Or- ganisation's conference at Paris in Oc- tober, then toured western Europe as a member of the Commonwealth Im- migration Advisory Committee. In the latter connection, Mr. Oberg stated that Australia was No, 1 preference o prospective European migrants, and he Considered the country should do its utmost to embrace an opportunity of receiving the splendid types now wish- ing to emigrate. It was an opportun- ity which, he declared, might never again present its-'f. ENGLANL AND ADSTBAUA. ' In England, V.r. Oberg said, discus- sions ensued on industrial, commercial and high Government-levels regarding the problems actually concerning Aus- tralia. These included prospective mi- gration to Australia, the possibilities of English capital establishing new indus- tries in Australia, inter-Empire eco- nomic relationship, and other questions vitally affecting Australia's future. The recent decision to adjust the anomaly, of double taxation would, Mr." Oberg considered, materially contribute to- ward a solution of the extensive estab- lishment of new Britisfi industries in Australia. DX'I FOOD CONTRIBUTION. He paid a great tribute to the United Kingdom's contribution to Europes food pool. He *said: "Reduction in ra- tioning enabled the United Kingdom to supply 14250,000 tons of foodstuff? to the released people of Europe, without which many millions must have per- ished. Since I was there," he added, "two further reductions in the ration- ing level hav been made, and, quite recently, 200,000 tons of grain diverted to starving Europe. What this contri- bution means -.io one can understand without having seen conditions in Eu- rope." At the same time, he said, the people of the Mother Country vere very tired after six years of unremit- ting warfare, generally with the enemy only 15 minutes' flight away. Although the British ration was adequate in calorific content, the monotony was most apparent-yet the people d not comclain. "We in Australia," be de- clared, "are challenged to produce the maximum quantities of foodstuffs^*» necessary to relief in England and the rehabilitation of western Europe." PARIS CONDITIONS. ^In Paris* conditions were appalling. The black market was rife and the de- gree of corruption amazing. Breakfast was of three small pieces of fish with, a cup of ersatz made from crush., .i acorns, without milk, sugar or sac- charine. Dinner consisted of a thin soup from v«. stable base, with small pieces of meat or fish of doubtful origin, potatoes, and some field vege- table, but never any cooked sweets. "For weeks I knew what it was to be really hungry," he added. At the same time adequate meals could be pur- chased from certain cafes-but at £6/5/- Australian. Champagne was the same, a bottle. ' "The problem for mere existence was a ghastly one for millions," Mr. Oberg continued, "particularly those of the 'white-collar* brigade, all those, including high executives, on fixed sal- aries, who were unable to take advan- tage of the black-market conditions. The streets of Paris were thronged with thousands of women, ill-clad, perishingly cold, sheltering in the lee of street telegraph poles and book- shops, waiting for someone to come to buy them a meal-and prepared to pay any price." The internal disunity was great with open antipathy between rural and urban interests. ' , Of SWITZEBLAND. Practically normal conditions pre- vailed in Switzerland and that country was enjoying a balanced economy, with little rationing. But the Swiss had their problems. There were twice as many men as women in their country and no readily cultivable land was available and each year thousands of Swiss mountain farmers till the rela- tively flat shoulders of the maintain sides. They use mountain climbing gear, carry up by hand small quantities of soil, and every year numbers fall off their farms and are killed. "In Belgium," said Mr. Oberg, "we found a country nearly 85 per cent, recovered, with the people hard at work." Immediately following release, the exchange basis had been pegged, surplus currency called in and a real basis, relative to prevailing prices fixed for payments of goods, labour and services. DI8TBESSING HOLLAND CONDITIONS. Conditions in Holland, Mr. Oberg termed "distressing." The winter before last there had been no fuel to cook the people's meagre rations. In Amster- dam,' the people had gone into the lightly bombed homes, removed all the internal timber fittings, including ceil- ing joists and rafters, with the result that thousands of buildings collapsed. In The Hague they cut -down the decorative trees in the streets for essential fuel Last winter each family unit was allowed 11 cwt of fuel for the entire period. Trams run between1 7.30 and 10 o'clock in the morning and again ' between 2J0 and 6 pjcx, after which there is no transport at alL Only one bicycle in 100 has rubber tyres of any kind. Others clank along the cob- bles with rims wrapped in bandages or rope for tyres. The Germans expatriated COODOO Dutch for forced labour in the east of Germany. From Amsterdam they took 110,000 Jews, of whom only 3000 re- turned. Before the Germans evacuated the country they blew up some of tatt sea dykes, with the result that 900,000 acres of some of the best farm land of Holland were under the water of the North Sea. They razed 8800 farms, to the ground, destroyed farms and drove away their cattle. Of the great Dutch ship-building industry only one yard remained. Food and clothing are extremely scarce, the latter almost unprocurable. Few eats and dogs remained la the cities. Of the cats, only odd black ones survived, which superstition saved. No dogs were left, except these kept on the leash. The Danish potato crop was 1,500,000 tons short of requirements^ and the grain crop 300,000 .tonarless. In Denmark there was a plentitude of food, which, however, couU'not be exported, owing to transport restric- tions. "Western Europe," Mr. Oberg stated, "has been so destroyed that it is in the relative condition of 75 years ago. "In Norway," he continued, "we heard of 100,000 people living in the. north whose towns were razed to ihe ground before the Germans evacuated. Had it not been for the help from the United Kingdom these people must have, perished. "One of the saddest sights was 9000 little children, up to four years of age, the illegitimate off-spring of the Ger- man soldiers. They are being well cared for by the Norwegian Govern- ment, but Norway does not want to keep them. She remembers the after- math of World War I, when destitute children from Russia and Germany, to whom she gave succour and ultimate citizenship, proved in World War II I leaders of the Quisling movement. , SWEDEN PROSPEROUS. ~ "Sweden was extremely prosperous, 'having reaped fully the fruits of neutrality in two world wars.! Her lot during the war was extremely difficult, though substantial-assistance was made) available to the allies on a 'Fetch and Carry* basis. . "One of the war transport romances I was that of a British» vessel, which, unarmed and relying entirely on speed and evasive tactics, brought from Sweden urgently required productions of her precision engineeriue and other necessary equipment "Sweden gave refuge to about 250,000 displaced Baltic people for almost l8 months and subsequently made sub- stantial contributions in food" and kind for relief in .Europe. National Socialism in Sweden, Mr. Oberg said, bore no relationship to Communism. Essential services were | state controlled but otherwise private industry flourished. The Swedish atti- tude toward industrial outlawry was 'refreshing.' A major strike in the engineering industry developed by militant minorities was strongly re- sisted and the men forced back to work. To the end the Government stood behind the recognised union leaders and the employers, in enforc- ing decisions of the industrial tribunals. AUSTRALIA, MIGBANTS' "MECCA." Australia stood in high regard-as, a home for migrants. " "Never was :here a greater opportunity of securing im- migrants of outstanding quality," said i Mr. Oberg. In the United Kingdom, ' Switzerland, Holland, Denmark, Nor- way and Sweden many thousands were hoping to emigrate, and Australia was their Number 1 preference. In Norway, migration clubs were advocating! emigration to Australia. These clubs, Mr. Oberg stated, had 1150 members and had received 115,000 inquiries on prospects in Australia; , Many, ex-' servicemen would, he thought .-come from the U.K., where there were offering technicians and artisans of high capacity. "Australia should embrace this opportunity, which may, never J recur. At present the people aie anxious to escape from Europe, where they have known the ravages of two world wars, and is troubled and torn to-day with the problem of reconstruction. EUROPE'S RE-ESTABLISHMENT., VITAL: The whole world tooday is con- fronted with the urgent necessity of the re- establishment of 'Europe. "It should be remembered," Mr. Oberg emphasised, "that pie-war Europe pro- duced 40 per cent of the world's manu- factured requirements. To-day, a con- dition of famine prevails, fraught with the (possibilities of social up- heaval which would shake the whole world. Throughout the whole region a great fear exists of the possibilities , of Russian Communist, So close the people are to examples of it, that they realise full well its * possible conse- quences." % ' He continued, "In the great sacrifices they are to-day making, our amazing British kinsfolk fully understand the' implications of s demoralised Europe Its re-establishment is fundamental to world peace and security. To this end our British kinsfolk are making amaz- ing contributions and are suffering in- tense sacrifice. "Australia can materially ease the burden by increasing production and by rationing, if necessary, to make additional quantities of clothing and foodstuffs available. In Australia, we should realise that nothing can solve the problem of inflation* and black markets, except production. "That" Mr. Oberg continued, "has been clearly stated by Mr. P. F. Walsh, a leader of the New Zealand Federa- tion of Labour and the economic ad- viser to the New Zealand Government He has clearly stated that the war for ! better conditions and shorter hours has been woi£ but the war for increased production, as yet hardly begun. "No people in the world," he con- cluded, "have less excuse than Aus- tralians for. not devoting themselves wholeheartedly to increased production, quite apart from the fact that for such I production there exists to-day an un- limited market and prices without equal in existence. If Australia faite to meet this challenge, history will, in after years, judge her accordingly." OBSERVATIONS OF AMERICA, j Mr. Oberfs observations of» America confirmed overseas news items of that country's cripphng inflation. In Canada he found the nation's financial security weB-gnardad by a system of price-peg- ging, introduced early in the war: He said: "In America, costs were extremely .taJgn, the inflationary trend was-, very strong and price levels immeasurably higher than in Australia." As an illus- tration, he quoted-breakfast cost S/3, i Umchcon 15/3, and dinner 22/3. There was little shortage of essential commodi- ties, though butter, sugar, fats and red meats were in relatively short supply. The reason for such shortages was- re- lated to black market operations, rather i than to actual shortage "As yet" he continued, "little has been i heard of America's, problem of . her coloured noss, totalling 14,000,000, Just more-then 10 per cent of the total popu- lation. Brought from the tasks of workmc ia the cotton and tobacco lisitstaons of southern America -to [.rsemVwar jobs, of shipbuilding, aero ipaine, production, etc they enjoyed ¡extremely high wages and were able to [establish the precedent of equal pay for equal work. The war effort ended, .they showed little inclination to Tetum to their former humble employment ? "Economic conditions in Canada were very solid and well-balanced," he went on. "No shortages existed in any com- modity, for the price level had been wisely fixed on a ceiling basis early In the war. As a result, there were no apparent short- ages and the price-level was only 60 per cent, of that of the UJ3A. One was amazed at the development of Canadian industrial production. During the war Canada rose to third place in production, among the Ames." Mr. Oberg returned from his recent visit abroad by Lancastrian which left England at 4.30 o'clock on.a Tuesday afternoon and arrived at Mascot Sydney, at 2.45 p.m. the fouowinr Friday. Be Ihenttoned that the Journey was to take only 34 hours when the sssMdtcst of all , passenger planes, the Brabazon, being > manufactured te RhgHusi, took the rm 