Marriage Loans As Boost To Population CANBERRA, Friday. - Marriage loans and rental | rebates to families as they increase have been suggested to | the Commonwealth as a solution to the population prol-iem. The Commonwealth Immigration Committee, when visiting - i Denmark, was impressed by this scheme for encouraging people to have families. The Committee described as "unpracti cal" the' plan to bring 50,000 children to Australia over a period of three years. "Marriage loans and-' their ef fect on . the 'national birthrate should" be investigated as a means of : lifting the level of population," says The report of the committee, tabled today in the House of Representatives. Drawing . attention to the . rent : subsidy system' operating in Den mark and other -European coun tries, the renort says that a- bal ance ; must-: be - kept between the incoming migrant and the native born. . . At the invitation of the Danish Government. . .. the committee visited . several workers' homes in the Copenhagen area. '"The workers' homes are cheap in rental, carrying a progressive reduction for the parents with large ' families in the scale of — family of three; . 30 per. cent.; family of six, 60' per cent.,'1 the report states. In the workers' homes visited there were huge blocks of flats with shopping centres, schools, kindergartens, and playing areas attached. In these flats the minimum was five , children and., there were about 1500 to one block of flats- After ' spending -months in Europe the committee reported that lio war orphans are avail able in any numbers for migra tion to Australia. ; , A more reasonable plan would be to encourage . those organisa tions already in existence- Church organisations and wel fare institutions — which arc handling child migration. No Sensationalism The committee urged that migrants should not be attracted here sensationally and dis honestly. If Australian beaches were portrayed, so also should be N Australian'" deserts. The report summed up pros pects as:— . ..I- SWITZERLAND: Splendid prospects, for young: migrants, both, for rural and industrial callings. BELGIUM: No great flow- of migrants expected: : HOLLAND: .With Switzerland and Norway, numerically the strongest migration source. Gov ernment co-operation would - be forthcoming. Many farmers' sons with small capital would come, since . devastation has ruined much of their land. DENMARK:. Not a great source ui uugiauuii. xsoatounaers ana- factory experts in dairying in terested. NORWAY: Many thousands oi migrants, amounting to mass movement; expected from this country, covering every phase of industry, agriculture arid com merce, representing builders, shipwrights/engineers and mem bers' of the mercantile marine. More than 9000 children of German fathers were born in Norway /during the occupation, and some of these youngsters may provide Australia with migrants. - 1 The. committee had discussions with , the: Norwegian' Government on the future of these children. ' The ' children, 'aged between four, years and nine months; are known - in Norway as "Hitler's 1 children." SWEDEN: A -limited number, amounting to' some thousands. could be expected. Finns Were Keen FINLAND: This country not visited by the committee, but Finns came' especially from Hel sinki: to meet the committee/and were anxious to migrate, and re presented shipbuilders, farmers, fishermen, timber workers and others. Would come to Australia in considerable numbers. The committee recommended: The Commonwealth Govern ment should - approach the British Government for a cam paign to bring before Britisn industrialists the advantages >f establishing new factories or branches' in Australia. The greatest danger to the successful settlement of mi grants' was a tendency to group together as national , units. v , This could be overcome if new. arrivals , were greeted as , Austra lians/not driven in upon them selves by ' epithets such as "pommy," "scoweglan," and "reffo," and then blamed for cre ating their own little colonies. - 