MISSING, FOR KEEPS Every year thousands of people are reported missing by their re ieved or sorowing relations. Same of them ' f-o missing" • i purpose. Some havo no alternative, for they are 1 efficiently ddisposed of by someone I who wa itfc their money, their wife, their tiv&band; or merely ther life. j , .. . __ The death in France last month of Leon Ernes* Gaumont one of the French pioneers of the motion pic ture industry, recalls the disappearance of another of the pioneers of the cinema—Augustin le Prince 0f Leeds, England Towards the end of the last century, physcais, scientists, invent, ore and engineers in England, on the Continent, and in the Unite '. Spates were al int "^ued nith the prospect of developi»j£ mov ing pannes. Many famous m^n were among the experlmeaiters who, bit i. ' bit improved 01 the carjin^t invocations. One of them was the fi.stronon^r ?n John Herschel v ho invented the "Thaumatrope," a card with a dog drawn on one side and a kennel on the other. When f ho card was twirled on, a strilng the do, j appeared to be ingide the ken* nel That was one of the earliest attempts at moving pictures, but by 1889 many improvements had been made, and George Eastman, had be - gun manufacturing photographic film on a nitro.celluiolse base Th* Disappearing Inventor Augustin le Prince was experiment i:i<: ill'out the time. Le Prince, who ha 1 l;u,n bom in M^tz 'in 1842, married an English wife, and established a School of Applied Arts in Leeds. He had always been keenly i nterest ed in scientific experiments and In 1886 he patented a multi.lens projector (which he call-'d a 'de lviprer') and at the same t'rne invented a crude form of ci'iiomatograph for taking moving pictueo on sensitised paper, using a gelaitine foundation forhis- films instead of pilule.id. By 1899 he had worked out the use of perforations on the sides of the film to mgulate Its speed through the "de iverer." Then le Prince went to Paris — ard mysteriously disappeared. Tumour, of course, ran wild, and h.3 disappearance created something of a s .ns '.tion, in two countries—but .A ".gustin )e Prince wa» never heard o* a.^ain. I j J t His was ore of the great inventive names in film development and the present day triumphs ouch as 'Henry V' and Thilo Happy Breed' owe a great deal to this man who disappear ed—for keeps. Ext.er! !;•• .ts Aga'nM Fir© A disappearing inventor was only one of the trials the motion picture squabbles over patent rights and r indusitry had to contend with in the fire in Paris which caused the death of 180 people were two eet-backs which gave the industry hard knocks. The fire which broke out at the Bazar de la Charite in, 1897, was Jiought to ha.ve been caused direct' ly by the motion picture machine. Among the 180 victims were 130 members of the not/.lity nd the career of the infant film industry wa^ almost cut short for ever by this lire. For jears afterwaras the hazard of ii» e was one of the greatest worries of both producers and exhibitors, fi'ul constant research is still going on to make picture theatres absolute ly fire proof. Fire author't'es in many citieg of the wor^u, insurance companies research, officers in. rii^trial chemists have combined forces to experiment in fireproofing fabrics for safety enrtairs, evolvtng safety eocits which wont jam in a crisis and in. providing fire lighting equipment. At the time of l« Prince's disappear aru e police departments did not have tr.e I ghly trained organisations be- "it.d them that they have today. The tracing: of missing persna -was a chancy business, for mter-counitry communication waa slow and gave anyone wanting to disappear a sporting chance to succeed. But even, in recent years, when "all mod. cons" have been, the outstasdir?,g feature of police organisations, hundreds of people have disappeared "for keeps" ' without leaving a trace ! • One of the most famous was ; Joseph Cmter, who disappeared on. the evening of August J03O after dlrii g in New York with , another Juge and •a Broadway chorus Ever since that night the Bureau of Musing Person^ has kept up an unrelenting search of the mieaing man. All sorts of conflcting rumours and "hunches" were followed up, with no definite result. But it was report ed from New York that circumstantial evidence gathered by the police and by private investigators has added up to virtual proof of the Judge's death, and though le*al proof cannot be sustained, two in. 8 ce companies have arranged to pay the judge's widow some £7,000. It is now thought that the Judge, who wan known to have teen carrying about £2000 o 8 Mm on the night hi? c'isappearance, "vamiurdered •n a taxi after he left the restaurant with the Broadway chorus girt, poa I v gangster friend-?' of hers who later cremated his body in another St*»te. An Australian Judge, Judge Gavin Duffy, cf Melbourne, lost his mother and h^ siater aboard a ship which disappeared—for ke«ps. This was the passenger steamer Waratah, which disappeared just before World War I on. a trip between Melbourne and South Africa For even these days, ships can disappear "for keeps" without le&v; ing any trace and in such a way that no explanation for their dtsappear- Piice can ever be found. There was th.? f>e.masted Danish training shio. Koe> nhavn, for instance, which sailed into oblivion in December 1928, with 50 young cadets among her crew. TheKoebenhavn left Montebideo 011 December 14, 1928 for FYe mantle to pick up a cargo of wheat— for she w-as one of the grain ships plying between Australia and the Continent. On December 20, she was "apoken" by the steamer Wil iam Blumer, and rhe was never s*er again. Rescue ships searched for her all along the route but she had dia appeared a«* completely aari as mya. terionsly as the passemgera asd crew of the. Mare Celeste. Some shipc, of course, "disappeared" to satisfy the greed of an un scrupulous captain or crew who had • no idea but to col ect insurance. Sam© of f'.ffle ships were the infamous "coffin sh'ps," which were delibefc-ate. Iv i>aied I11 an unseaworthy condition in. the avowed but secret hope that they would founder. Whether or not the unsuspecting: passengers and the innocent members of the crew were drowrved was immateria . Many iImmigrant ships carrying settlers to America were among the "coffin ships" and the live® of thousands of men, women and children were J oat SjS the result of thVs murderous cuj.Jdity. 