Old China Bought By An Early Pioneer DEAR ELEANOR BARBOUR— As I write it is the last day in oar old year, so let us hope that the new year heals all the wounds in the sad homes, bnt they will always leave a scar in the mind, for those who lost so much can never forget. I could not make merry at the ending of the war, as I thought too much of the sufferers who had no smile, but tears of sadness instead. I have so much I would like to write about, and will begin with your ruby glass. I have three pieces. One butter dish was really a pair in a stand with a handle, given to my mother at her silver wedding in 1906. The others are a pair of scent decanters— £ach with a round bulb- shaped bottom, long thin neck, with three lips and stopper. The bottle is bound in sterling silver, like creeper trails, in crazy fashion, and in front it has a round, plain plate the size of a two shilling piece. Where the neck begins there is a plain band in silver, half an inch of open work creeper, and plain silver to the lips. There is glass inside the stopper, and a silver band with open work over the top of it. The age of these decanters I do not know. A spinster owned them, and as her house had goods getting sold, I happened to see them and got them for £1 the pair. Her old sister also gave me a book and a pair of serviette rings from Jerusalem. The book's out side covers and the rings are all of olive wood. The book has a tinted picture on one side and a little spray of dried flowers on the leaf— 12 different little sprays of flowers and 14 pictures. Inscribed in the front page is 'Flowers from the Holy Land. In remembrance of the British Army, conquerors of the Holy Land. 9th December, 1917.' Another old piece is a cake plate in white china, with silver leaves an'l a fancy band, also from 1906; but the oldest is a pair of china ornaments. They represent a man and a woman, standing nine inches high, the man dressed in a green coatv with pink knee breeches, and holding a dog. The woman is much the same, but she is holding a cat. They must be nearly 100 years old, as my grandfather bought them at Gawler for my grandmother when he used to drive his bullock team from Vine Vale to Gawler every three months for their food supply. They were two of the first set tlers there. My grandmother's parents lived in bark huts at Be thany, three miles nearer Gawler, at the foot of the Barossa Range. It was all dense bushland, covered in hue** gum trees, and the sun never shone on the ground in parts. The deep creeks and rivers did not exist in those days, as the water made its way in any course. For vegetables they cooked grass and thistles, and they had only salt herrings and ham and bacon. There were no rabbits in those days. My grandfather came out in the second vessel bringing immigrants to Aus tralia. He was 17 years old, and worked his passage, and had two pence in his pocket when he left the ship at Kangaroo Island, in 1837\. He worked as a surveyor's assistant, and he came across to the mainland, and then later worked for the late Mr. Joseph Gil bert. That is how he came to take up land at Vine Vale. He also had five acres of land where Ade laide now stands. He went back a few years after he bought it, and he saw a house on it, so he never went back to claim his block. My grandmother came with her parents in 1841, in the Danish ship Skjold. How I would love to roam all through* the Northern Territory like 'Mike O'Bader' and others do — to taste the fruits and fish, geese and duck, but I would want to sleep on the treetops so that crocodiles and snakes could not reach me. A man by the name of Nelson lies buried up there somewhere. He was my grandmother's brotherin law, but his life story is best left untold. Also lower down is the grave of my late aunt's baby girl, who died on the way down from some station. Later a man brought a little pressed flower to my aunt from her baby's grave. Yes, it is 16 years since I last walked the streets of Adelaide, but to forget it I never could. There is not a day but I long to be home in lovely South Australia. It is so awfully hot here again. At this time of the year. 112 degrees is just taken for granted, in iron houses, and when we do get a shower of rain, creeks hold water in holes, and the mosquitoes are like bees, in swarms. Cherries this Christmas were cheaper here at 4/6 per pound. Last year they were 7/6 per pound. They come from South Australia. The fruit will be beginning to ripen again soon here, and it is a lot of work, but then I look at it this way — for re ward you have so much extra food in store to take when needed. I do not think any of you would like to settle in a dry place, and run to buy your vegetables and fruit only once a week. One would have to be born to it, and then I think I would be like a caged bird long ing for nature. Yes, a home in the hills would suit me, with a gar den by the spring, with flowers to hide in. I do not think there is one ugly flower or tree or shrub, But I like them off the ground, so that no 'crawlers'' can hide them selves underneath. The vegetable garden is just as interesting when laid out in beds, and with plenty to pick and pickle. Do dreams ever come true? I wonder if 'Cycla- men' knows me. I wanted to write her a letter, as she was just balm to me. and some of the other writ ers as well. I find many a hint to help me along in all the dif ferent letters, telling of ways how others do things. Greetings and good luck for the new year to you and all page friends. 'VINE VALE.' 'Welcome back, 'Vine VaJe.' Your scent decanters sound charm ing. Thank you for the recipes and hints you send me from time to time. Some dreams do come true, you know. I hope yours does. — EJB.) Not in a Bower filled garden, bat in a London spring show in the Royal Horticultural Hall, o factory girt poses for her picture among the blooms. Passing along the street during her lunch hour, a pos ter advertising the show caught her orrention, and struck by her beauty, the photo grapher asked her to make this study for him. 'TifiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiriRnnr 