Icelandic Republic Intent On Independence (BY A CORRESPONDENT.) RECENTLY the Prime Minister of Iceland (Mr. Olafur Thors), brought the island republic into the international news spot light by declaring that Iceland could not grant a request by the United States for military bases. It is less than two years since Iceland became an independent republic, finally severing the is land's association -with Denmark— an association which had lasted more than five and a half cen turies. In rejecting the American re quest for bases, the Prime Minis ter said that although U-S.A. was the first nation to recognise the Icelanders' right to re- establish their republic and therefore en titled to the best that Iceland could give, Iceland could not say "Yes" when the U.S. asked for something Iceland could not grant anyone. Leaders of other political parties expressed agreement. It was in June 1944 that Ice land's link with Denmark was broken. The declaration followed a resolution carried by Iceland's 1016-year-old Althing early in 1941. Lying close to some of the prin cipal convoy routes of war, Ice land occupies a position of great i strategic significance in the far reaches of the North Atlantic. It is certain to maintain its import ance with the establishment of peacetime trans-Atlantic air routes. It is because of these con siderations that bases in Iceland would be an immensely valuable acquisition. A volcanic island, Iceland has an area of about 40,500 square miles. Its population is about 125,000, of whom one-third live in the capital, Reykjavik. Political independence has been achieved by successive stages. After World War 1 a Federal Con stitution was drawn up and ac cepted by Denmark and Iceland,, under which they were independ-| ent states united under the same, sovereign, and with foreign af-| fairs and defence matters under Denmark's control. Following the German invasion of Denmark In April 1940, the Icelandic Govern ment was temporarily invested with the royal power by resolution of the Althing. A year later the resolution to sever the union was carried and a Regent elected to serve until the union was formally dissolved. Lying just south of the Arctic Circle, Iceland is a weather-car ved plateau culminating in an ice-capped watershed covering 5000 square miles and containing 120 glaciers. There are over 100 volcanic peaks of which more thani 25 have recorded eruptions. Although the climate Is com paratively mild for the latitudes in which Iceland is situated, the only habitable areas are the val leys and lowlands, which repres ent one-fourth of the total area. Large areas were covered with lava flows and volcanic ash in 1783, when a chain of craters on Mt. Laki erupted. The bulk of the island's live-stock was des troyed and great areas of land were devastated. This, together with resulting famine and epi demics, killed nearly one-fourth of the population. Earthquakes have been frequent. Hot springs occur, and geysers, from which water and mud are hurled high in the air at regular intervals, were first known in Iceland. Other unusual phenomena of this strange land include sandy deserts, glacial lakes, bogs and quicksands, as well as waterfalls and enormous glaciers. Trees are limited to a very stunted type of birch. Heath and bilberry cover large stretches, and during the brief summer bright flowered rock plants provide a touch of colour. Many mosses are found, and large herds of reindeer feed on some of these. The reindeer were introduced to Iceland more than a century-and a-half ago. Many species of birds frequent Iceland, but the most notable are the wildfowl and the eider duck. The seas abound in seals and whales, and white cod and trout are plentiful. In the past 50 years or so there has been rapid devel opment of the fisheries, and fish ing is the island's'- main industry. The warm current known as the North American Drift modifies the severity of the climate in the south, where the rainfall is heavy. The northern areas are drier and colder, and the cold Greenland Current frequently blockades the coast with icepacks during the summer. Agriculture is carried on chiefly around Reykjavik, in the south west. Here, on the longest day, there are 21 hours of sunshine, and on the shortest. four hours. Potatoes, hay, and tur nips are practically the only crops cultivated. Grasses provide - past urage for sheep, cattle, goats and shaggy little Iceland ponies. Farm steads are mostly scattered but to-day telegraph, telephone and postal services as well as roads connect them. IRISH MONKS FIRST SETTLERS It is believed that Irish monks were the first to visit Iceland. They settled there before the be ginning of the ninth century but left after Nors^pien came about 870 A-D. Sailing sturdy Viking ships, these Norsemen had refused to submit to Harold Fairhair, who had risen from a petty chieftain to become first king to establish sovereignty over all Norway. With some Scottish and Irish immi grants, these hardy settlers created independent settlements in wnat they called "Snowland." It was in 930 that a general as sembly. the Althing was estab lished at Thingevellir. Later a supreme court was also set up in connection with this, the oldest popular assembly in Europe. Local feuds continued among the set tlers, however. As a result of one of these feuds, Eric the "Red fit ted out an expedition about 980 and went to seek out land which had been reported further west. The discovery of Greenland fol lowed, and after spending three years exploring the southern and western coasts, Eric returned to lead a colonising expedition to the new land, which he called "Green land"- in order to attract settlers. A settlement was established and contact was maintained with Iceland and Europe for four or five centuries, after which the set tlement was forgotten and its people died out. ' About the year 1000 Christianity was introduced into Iceland by the Norwegian kings, who, with the assistance of the Archbishop of Nidaros, head of the Church in Iceland, subjugated the island in 1261. The 12th and 13th cen turies marked the "Golden Age" of Icelandic literature. In 1380 the colony passed with Norway under Danish rule, and it re mained with Denmark when Nor way broke away in 1813. In the 14th and 15th centuries the generally disturbed condition of Europe was reflected in Ice. land, while local disasters, in cluding epidemics and earth quakes, brought a decline in pro gress. Economic conditions became crippling, and the Danish trade monopoly led to smuggling and friction. In the 16th century the conver 'slon of Iceland to the Lutheran faith by the Danish king intro duced a period of literary activity. But the island was neglected by Copenhagen—except for the exact ing of revenues—and Iceland be came a prey to pirates. Despite all the handicaps of an unproductive land, the Icelanders are a hardy and progressive people. Educational standards are high, and it "is said that more books are sold in proportion to the pop ulation than in any European country. Democracy has a real meaning for the sturdy. Iceland ers, and women's suffrage has been in force for many years. The 1919 Peace Treaty pro claimed the permanent neutrality of Iceland. When World War II broke out, Iceland was in danger of becoming a victim of German aggression and in May 1940, after Denmark and Norway had been invaded, Great Britain declared Iceland to be under British pro tection. Military forces were landed to safeguard the base. After a formal protest, the Althing accepted assurances that Britain had no intention of inter fering in the island's internal af fairs or of maintaining occupa tion after the war. In 1941 the U.S.A. took over the garrisoning of the island, and Iceland became an important base for air and sea patrols against German submarines and raiders. Meanwhile the Althing had had declared that the Iceland Cabinet possessed the prerogatives of the King and it elected Mr. Sven Bjornsson as Regent, a position he held until the became Iceland's first President in June 1944. During the war years economic troubles -caused by the loss of most of Iceland's normal markets became apparent. The bulk of trading was done with Denmark, which was cut off after 1940; many of the fishing grounds were sown with mines, and the arrival of large garrison forces caused fur ther dislocation. The position im proved when the United States made goods available under Lend Lease and at the same time bought the exportable surplus or fish. Political, economic and strateg ic considerations tend to draw Iceland closer to the United i States, but the statesmen of the tiny new republic are displaying sturdy independence. It has been revealed officially that when an American Note in October last asked if conversations could begin for the lease of three specific bases, no promise was given, des pite the reiteration of the U.S. offer, made during the prelimin ary San Francisco Conference, to support Iceland's application for membership of the United Nations. 