A Danish Grievance SOUTH SCHLESWIG MINORITY (From a Special Corre spondent) Few problems of the British zone have excited more criti- olsm abroad than the ques tion of the Danish minority In South Schleswig has provoked in Denmark. The minority is a small one. Danish-speaking Germans in South Schleswig number probably between 12,000 and 15,000 at the most, though the Danes maintain that many more who speak no Danish are Danish in sympathy or by descent. The Indigenous population of South Schleswig is about 350,000, so the linguistic minority Is only some 4 per cent of the total. The South Schleswig Danes fear they will not be able in the long run to maintain their national characteristics, but will be swamped in the mass of refugees from other parts of Germany now accumulated in Schleswig. Their fears, and those of the Danes on their behalf, are for the future rather than the present. South Schleswig has bitter emotional as sociations for all Danes. Schleswig and Hoistein were both lost by Denmark to Prussia after Bis- marcks' aggression in 1864. Hoi stein was solidly German, in language at least. Schleswig's pop ulation was more evenly divided, and it was subjected to a' severe process of Germanisatlon over the next 50 vears, which undoubtedly reduced its Danish character. NEW FRONTIER In November, 1918, the Danes took their chance to redress the wrong done to them and demanded a plebiscite. It was held in Febru ary and March, 1920, in two sep arate zones. In Zone.l there were 75,431 votes for Denmark and 25,329 for Germany. In Zone 2 there were 51.724 for Germany and 12,800 for Denmark. Zone 1 was given to Denmark and is now Danish North Slesvig; Zone 2 re mained German and is part of German (or, as the Danes call it, South) Schleswig. The new frontier, drawn after one of the fairest of post-war plebiscites, was generally regarded as sat.isfarjt.nrv Tt, fnllnwari thn linguistic border closely, though rather more German speakers were left In Denmark than Dan ish speakers In Germany. Both Germany and Denmark seemed satisfied, and each was confident that its minority would receive fair treatment In the other. Denmark even declined a proposal for a special, treaty with Germany to jrovlde reciprocal protection to the two minorities. In the last .months of the last war schleswig became a haven for refugees fleeing from East and West before bombs and advancing armies. The flood swept over Into Denmark, where over 200,900 Ger mans still remain, whose support and disposal Is one of the gravest problems Denmark now faces. In Schleswig the accumulation of re fugees did not end with the war, and grew as Germans transferred from areas now Polish began to come In. Their presence, In over whelming numbers, Is the main grievance of the Danes, who feel their minority was more or less secure among the kindred Ger mans of Schleswig but will go down before the flood of alien East Prussians, Sllesians and Pomeranians. SATURATION POINT The Danes ask that the refugees should be sent away from Schles wig. The British Military Govern ment asks where else It can send them. They cannot go back to homes no longer in Germany; and Schleswig, which forms with Hoi stein the most intact part of the British zone, with houses un- destroyed and a local lood surplus, had to take its share of immi grants. The Danes asked that at least the newcomers should re ceive no civic rights and be re garded as temporary lodgers. The British replied that they had in evitably come to stay and would not be denied the right to vote. The influx of refugees to Schles wig may now be nearly over, as saturation point is admittedly not far off. There are now Just over 300,000 refugees in Schleswig, nearly as many as the indigenous population. The Danish attitude is influenced by one further fear and one dis appointment. They fear the intense pressure oi population in Schles wig may even menace one day, the frontier established In 1920. This is the deepest cause of their pre sent anxiety. The disappoint ment arises from the frustration, by the arrival of the refugees, of a hope which seems In any case to have been set too high. Some Danes, probably over-estimating the extent to which Danish feel ings survive among the border population, had hoped that gradual and unobtrusive cultural work might over a period of years so swell the number of the "Danish- minded" as to produce a majority in South Schleswig. A plebiscite might then have united it with Denmark. But the permanent settlement of the refugees destroys this hope. Some Danes, and some of the minority in Germany, have been rather imprudent in their writ ings and actions on this ques tion. Incitement to hostility against German local authorities and particularly .gainst the re fugees Is easy in present circum stances, put may leave resentment later. The Danish Government's policy has always been more pru dent. The first Government after liberation took its stand on the declaration made by its Foreign Minister, Mr. Christmas Moller, on May 9, 1945, when he said: "The Government, standing firm on the basis of national determination, is of opinion that the Danish frontier remains firm." The pres ent Government has been under greater pressure from Danish national organisations and parties, but it. too, has refrained from ad vocating a change of frontier. No Danish Government is ever likely to ask for an exchange between the two minorities in Denmark and Germany, but Denmark is of course at liberty to propose this, or a frontier change, at any time before the final peace settlement. CULTURAL REQUIREMENTS Nor has the Danish Government pressed for an early plebiscite. It realises that a vote taken now would be a false vote, as many Germans would vote Danish merely to escape the consequences of defeat. Its policy was expressed in a carefully drafted resolution passed unanimously by the Dan ish Parliament last month. It culled on the Government to press for cultural and political equality for the minority in Schleswig; for the removal of re fugees; and for an opportunity during the "forthcoming inter national negotiations"— i.e.. the peace settlement with Germany— to safeguard Danish natlonnl Interests, which were linked with the future settlement of condi tions in South Schleswig. The Prime Minister's speech on July 21 made It clear that, while op posed to a plebiscite now, he would welcome one after a number of years if in the interval there proved to have been a change of mind among the people of Schles wig. Military Government may have been slow to acknowledge the minorities' political rights. But it has made a sincere effort to meet its cultural requirements. Entry into Schleswig lor Danish teachers, lecturers, vouth and church workers, and journalists, though it may seem difficult to the Danes, has been 10 times easier than the passage of any other stretch of German frontier. To quote one set of figures only, there were in May, 1945, only nine Danish schools in Schieswig, at tended by 437 children. By June, 1940, there were 39 Danish schools attended by 3873 children. The British authorities could do much to placate tire Danes by agreeing to the administrative separation of Schleswig from Hoi stein, though it is unjust to ac cuse them of having established a single administration for the two. That was done by the Ger mans many years ago. On the whole a loyal effort has been made to satisfy legitimate Danish requirements. (London Times.') 