ABOUT THAT WOOL CHARGE The Federal Government's de cision to impose a 'contributory charge'' on wool sold in Australia calls for urgent review. Accord ing to a brief explanation by the Minister for Commerce recently, the charge will be 5 p.c. of the value of the wool, which, at the general reserve price of 18.15d. a lta., Aus tralian currency, is equivalent to an average charge of .91d. a lb. Mr. Scully also stated that the charge would meet 'the industry's share of the costs of administra tion.' It has been pointed out that, on the basis of last year's wool clip, such a charge would mean an exac tion from growers of about £3,000,000. Should the price rise above the fixed minimum, as it seems likely to do in many cases, this contribution by growers would be further increased; and a larger clip would naturally result in a still heavier payment. It is ludic » rous to suggest that a sum exceed ing £3,000,000 and possibly ap proaching £4,000,000, is needed each year for administrative purposes. Experience gained during the war shows that the new charge, which took effect at the beginning of this month, is exorbitant. Under the wartime arrangement, whereby Britain purchased the whole of the Australian clip at a fixed price, the British Government made a special allowance to the Central Wool Committee of three farthings a lb. With the funds thus raised, the committee met all the costs of appraising, dumping, branding and shipping wool; and, in addition, built huge wool stores in different parts of Australia. Even then, the committee showed a profit. Now the Australian clip and accumulated wool stocks are to be sold by auction through the ordi nary channels, and many of these costs will not have to be borne by the newly-created fund. But though there are apparently fewer expenses to meet, the Government is asking woolgrowers to pay a substantially higher charge. Purely administrative costs should absorb only a fraction of the £3,000,000; and, even if certain con tingencies are taken into account, the charge still seems grossly ex cessive. It is recognised that the Joint Organisation, established by the Governments concerned, has undertaken to place a 'floor' under the market, and will buy at the minimum price any lots not taken by other purchasers. To meet this commitment, the Joint Organisa tion may need certain funds. There seems no reason to doubt, however, that both this commitment and the costs of administration can be fully met by a tax substantially lower than the stipulated 5 p.c. The Minister of Commerce should make without delay a clear and frank . statement on the pur poses of the charge. It cannot be claimed that part of the money thus raised is to be used for pub licity and research. The Federal Government now has in hand a fund of £7,000,000, raised from various wartime charges on the wool industry. It is clearly desir able that wool research should be extended, especially to meet future ? competition from synthetics, and that, where possible, efforts should be made to increase wool's popu larity. The provision of £7,000,000 for a long-range programme of this sort is not unreasonable. But since advertising and re search will not be a burden on the new fund, the 5 p.c. charge is even less defensible. It is not surpris ing, indeed, that growers are won dering whether the Government is contemplating projects which so far have not been revealed. . The Government has already departed from well-tested methods by estab lishing wool appraising and selling centres at country towns, thus in creasing costs and causing a danger of erratic price variations, with possible losses to growers. II the Government intends to use the new fund for other such purposes, in which wool is simply a political pawn, it will do a grave disservice to the industry. Mr. Scully can not allay misgivings on this score too soon. The House of Representatives this week passed the National Uni versities Bill, providing for the establishment of a university at Canberra. The Prime Minister promised to euauire into a, statement by Mr. Cameron (Lib., SA) that cigarette papers were weing pulped at the cellulose mills at Snowtown, South Australia. Referring to a statement by Mr. Chifley that the late Mr. Curtin's invitation to Mr. Churchill to visit Australia remains open. Mr. Churchill's secretary said this week that Mr. Churchill had no plans at all to visit Australia. The Minister for Customs (Sena tor Fraser), replying for the Min ister for Commerce, told Senator Gibson (CP, Vic.) in the Senate this week that the Australian gen eral reserve price for the current wool clip would average 18.15d. a lb. The NSW Premier (Mr. McKell) has approved a police recommen dation that the Government reward of £500 for information about the murderer of Joan Norma Ginn, 11# at Camperdown' Cemetery on the night of June 11, be increased to £1,000. Peter Dawson, the Australian singer, told reporters this week that he was likely to retire and live in New Zealand after completing en gagements in England and America. Mr. Dawson is about to begin his fifth concert tour of New Zealand. While attempting to drive a cow with its new calf, Mrs. Piper, of Ponde post office, near Murray Bridge, was attacked by the cow and knocked unconscious. She was later treated by Dr. Grote, of Man num, for a broken collarbone and extensive bruising. The Minister for the Interior told Mr. Russell (Lab., SA) this week that if representations were made, consideration would be given to the allowance of concessions on the freight of 6.000 tons of salt to Port Augusta for treatment to re lieve the salt shortage. Joyriders at Mount Gambier stole a large passenger bus, the property of Northern brothers, from its stand in Penola road, during the early hours last week. The bus was found abandoned in a hole, loosely filled with pine limbs, at the camp ins? grounds. It was slightly dam aged. Australia believed that control of atomic energy should be vested in the United Nations, arid that 'this great discovery' should be devoted to the creation of industrial powei;, the Prime Minister said, in reply to a question by Dame Enid Lyons (Lib., Tas.). in the House of Repre sentatives. The Acting Minister for External Affairs (Mr. Makin) announced this week, that agreement had been reached on the exchange of diplo matic missions between Australia and Denmark. The first Danish Minister to Australia (Mr. C. Rott boll) would arrive in Canberra soon to take up his post, he said. The Premier (Mr. Playford) celebrated his 50th birthday on Friday. He was first elected to Parliament in 1933. In April, 1938, he was appointed Commis sioner of Crown Lands, and in November. 1938, became Premier and Treasurer. He holds the re cord for the longest continuous term as Premier of South Aus tralia. In reply to the Deputy Leader of the Opposition (Senator Leckie) in the Senate this week, the Minis ter for Health said that existing Governmental controls did not place any restriction on delivery of meat to householders, provided the butcher collected the proper cou pons. Restrictions on overall sup plies to butchers were operated by the Meat Controller. When he was knocked down by a shunting goods train at Junction road, Port Adelaide, last week, George Badman. 63, a railway gangsman, of Dudley street, Sema phore, receiced a fractured skull and abrasions to the hands and face. He was rushed to the Royal Adelaide Hospital in a South Aus tralian ambulance, but was found to be dead on arrival. The Government had decided to request all broadcasting stations to refrain forthwith from broadcast ing talks on venereal disease and sex matters, the PostmasterGene ral (Senator Cameron) announced this week. This was in accord ance with the recommendation of the Parliamentary Standing Com mittee on Broadcasting which took evidence from witnesses in all States. Mr. L. C. Kemp, managing direc tor of Caltex Ltd., is relinquishing his position, and leaving shortly for India. He will be succeeded as managing director by Mr. W. E. Field. Mr. Field is an ex-soldier of the first World War, and was in the Gallipoli landing. He is the first Australian to be appointed managing director of the company. Mr. J. W. Higgins has been appoin ted general manager. The Commonwealth Health De partment has completed plans for a resumption of its flying doctor service in the Northern Territory. Announcing this on Friday, tne Minister xor Health (Senator Mc Kenna) said that two Dragon Rapide twin-engined machines had been purchased for the service. Alter conversion^ they would be capable of taking a stretcher, nurse or attendant, and the pilot. A certain amount of feeling had arisen Detween the Dutch Minister ?in Australia maron van Aerssen) ana nmiseif over certain public ? statements made by the Uucch Minister, thi Prime Minister tola Mr. WhiU: (JLio., Vic.) in the House oi iA.biJiv.scii.at.ves this week. Air Cliiftey aciuca Lhai ne diet not re gard that leeiing as establishing anything res'jmDiuig disagreement with the Dutch people as a whole. The depuiy leader of the Coun try Pari-y ..Mr. McEwen) asked the Minister for Commerce in the House of R-epres-ntaiives this wcck if he knew tne circumstances in which a man was appointed an in spector to attend a pig sale in Vic toria and fix the prices at which the pigs could be sold, when the man concerned was himself pur chasing pigs at the sale. Mr. ScuLly saia tha.t an investigation would be held. All foundries in Victoria are to be closed and their employes dis missed because of mass resigna tions from several foundries, iliis decision will immediately throw 3,300 men out of work. Unless a settlement is reached, the stoppage will extend to associated industries, and between 60,000 and 70,000 em ployes will loie their jobs. Tram way services may be disorganised because they depend on foundries for brake shoes. Arrangements have been made by the Minister for ? Works (Mr. Lazzarini) for a Federal Depart ment of Works architect to visit South Australia to inspect concrete houses, built near Adelaide. Mr. Sheeny, MHR, was informed this week of the Minister's decision. Mr. Lazzarini said that the archi tect would also report on the ques tion of the Commonwealth spon soring the building of a large num ber of this type of house. There were no signs of unem ployment developing in Australia, the Minister for Labor (Mr. Hol loway) told Mr. Chambers (Lab., SA) in the House of Representa tives this week. On June 22, Mr. Holloway said, there were 11,100 unemployed in Australia and 40 p.c. of them were ex-servicemen receiving re-employment allow ances while waiting for suitable employment. In South Australia, there .were 880 unemployed. The Minister for Customs (Sena tor Fraser) , on behalf of the Minis ter for Commerce, informed the Leader of the Opposition (Senator McLeay) in the Senate this week that the interest rate paid by the Australian Wheat Board to the Commonwealth Bank for over drafts to finance wheat purchases was 3^ p.c. Interest paid for the years 1939-40 to 1945-46 inclusive totalled £4,138.504. The banks pro fit would be comparatively small. At a meeting of the State execu tive of the ALP this week, it was decided to refer the selection of*a Labor candidate for the Northern Territory at the Federal elections to a council meeting of the party in Adelaide to be held tonight. The State secretary of the ALP (Mr. W J. Welsh) announced that the council would make its choice from two applicants — Mr. G. R. Atkin son, an electrical engineer, and Mr. W. Murray, a locomotive engineer, both of Katherine, NT. Mr. John Harry, of Jasper street, Hyde Park, who died in his 89th year, had been associated with the South Australian Education De partment for 52 years, and on his retirement was an inspector of schools. He broke a leg in a fall and was admitted to hospital a few days ago. During his ser vice with the Education Depart ment he was stationed as head master at the schools at Clare, Moonta, Gawler, Brompton. Hind marsh, and Lefevre Peninsula. Eighty-four private hospitals in South Australia had been approved for the payment of the subsidy under the Hospitals Benefits Act, the Minister for Labor and National Service (Mr. Holloway) said this week, in a reply to Mr. Sheehy (Lab., SA). The Minister said that he hoped all of the 116 private hospitals in South Australia eligible for approval under the Act would be able to pass the standard set by the local health authorities to become parties to the legisla tion. Detailed information on all pos-' sible water supplies for Yorke Peninsula was being prepared and would be considered by Cabinet, the Premier (Mr. Playford) told a deputation representing centres in that district last week. The mem bers of the deputation were the Mayor of Edithburgh (Mr. S. Richardson), the chairman of the Minlaton District Council (Mr. H. Bennett), and Messrs. J. Parsons (Port Vincent). F. Howard (Port Vincent), and V. Tucker (Curra mulka) . Moving the second reading of a Bill to provide for the naturalisa tion of persons who reside, or have resided, in New Guinea, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Cal well) said, in the House of Repre sentatives this week, that New Guinea did not form part of the British Dominions for the purposes of the nationality law, and residents in New Guinea had been denied naturalisation certificates. Those likely to apply for naturalisation certificates included Americans, French, Belgians, Germans, Aus trians, and Italians. The returning officer of the Libe ral and Country League (Mr. A. S. Dunks) announced this week that five LCL nominations had been re ceived for the selection of one can didate to contest Burra at1 the next State election. They were Messrs. James GilfLlan, farmer, of James town; G. Stanley Hawker, grazier, of Mount Bryan; Mr. deN. Lucas, farmer and grazier, of Hanson; Norman Jamieson, farmer, of Can 3wie Belt; and N. A. Vowles, re ared, of Spalding. Ballot papers will be issued tc^ay. and are re turnable by July 29. The Commissioner of Police (Mr. W. F. Johns) announce:! this week that three young members of the Srm!h Australian Police Foice. who gradun ed at the local ponce I.rsiii ing college, had been offered oosi tions as inspectors in the Fijian Police Department. The oin ers se'ecten are: — PCC Stanley Gul lidge. now stationed at I ;jit Pivie; PCC DuciJey T. Saint , now attached to the City Licensing Police S aff; and Constable Max Lovell, at tached to the CIS Office. Adelaide. Mr. Johns said tbat the Commis sioner of Police in Fiji was expected in Adelaide soon. Liberal party members said this week that they were strongly of the opinion that prosecutions should be launched against the Labor Farty under the NSW Crimes Act for publishing what the Opposition Leader (Mr. Menzies) has described as a 'grossly dishonest advertise ment intended to deceive the Aus tralian people.'' The Act provides penalties for knowingly inserting bogus advertisements. Influential Liberal Party members said that consideration was being given to launching proceedings' in NSW, where the advertisement appeared in a Sunday paper. Proposals designed to give .sell government to the Northern Terri tory had been drafted, the Minis ter for the Interior (Mr. Johnson) told Mr. Blain (Ind.. NT) in the House of Representatives this week, j They had been referred to the Administrator (Mr. Driver) to see if they were regarded favorably by the citizens. Mr. Johnson said, adding that steps had been taken to establish a Land Board in the Territory. It was reported this i week that plans for se]f°,overn ment of the Northern Territory would provide for the es'ablishment of a Legislative Council. Several hundred men and about 1.000 women could be placed in jobs in South Australia without any difficulty, the Deputy Director of the Commonwealth' Employment Service (Mr. F. K. Dwyer) said this week. Most of the women could be absorbed by hospitals, clothing, foot wear and food pro cessing factories and in domestic work. There was an acute short age of male labor for work offering in the Commonwealth and South Australian railways. Skilled tradesmen were also in keen de mand, and many process workers were needed for several industrial concerns. Australian war supplies procure ment staff had been reduced from its wartime peak of over 600 to about 100, the Minister for the Army (Mr. Forde), representing the Minister for Customs (Senator Fraser) told Mr. Cameron (Lib., SA) in the House of Representa tives this week. By the end of this year, the agency would be com pletely disbanded, he said. The total value of goods procured was about £550,000,000, the Minister added. When the existing opera tions ceased,, the Australian Con sulate- General in America would make any future Government pur chases. Commenting on a report that 1,251 tons ot motor tyres will arrive in Adelaide on the steamer Ocean Messenger, an official of the De partment of Supply and Shipping said on Saturday morning that the tyres would be used to supply motorists who were entitled to priority. There would not be suf ficient .supplies to make tyres avail able to private motorists. Large shipments of tyres are being sent to New Zealand, although tne re lease of tyres in Australia is still re&tiicted.; Motorists' organisations have been told that this is Govern ment policy because there is no tyre manufacturer in New Zealand. Heads of Commonwealth depart ments have been directed by the Commonwealth , Public Service Board to replace all females in -male positions by the end of this month. This decision affects many thousands of female employes in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Perth, and Brisbane. The an nouncement followed criticism by the Victorian president of the RSL (Mr. Holland) of the slow rate at which women were being replaced by ex-servicemen, and his refer ence to the Taxation Department, where, he said, women were receiv ing high salaries, which would easily support ex-servicemen and their families. The appointment of Mr. A. L. Rose as Chief Veterinary Officer for the Northern Territory was an nounced this week by the Minis ter for Health (Senator McKenna). The provision of a Northern Ter ritory veterinary staff would place ths cattle industry in the Nor thern Territory on a sounder foot ing, he said. Some of the staff had already taken up duty, and Mr. Rose would begin duty at Alice Springs within a few days. Mr. Rose was a graduate of the Sydney University veterinary school, and has been a veterinary officer of the NSW Agricultural Department. He served in both world wars. On the adjournment of the House of Representatives this week. Mr. Cameron (Lib., SA) said that the Government should state its policy on the migration to Aus tralia of former enemy prisoners of war or persons from enemy coun tries. There was a belief, he said, that the Government was not send ing Italian prisoners of war out of the country as quickly as they might be sent, and there was also a belief that certain people who em ployed Italian prisoners of war were trying to retain them. The Minister for the Navy (Mr. Makin) said that the Government intended to comply with all regulations. The Government was fully aware of the priority in migration to Australia due to her allies. 