IlGRATIO NSCHE1E. PASSAGE-AID ' AGREEMENT. Advisory Committee's Report. CANB RA, April b.--Agreement has been reached between Britain and Austaalla on free and assisted passages for relatives and depend ants of iervicemen and civilians to Austral:a, the Minister for Immigra t?on (Mr. Calwell) announced in the House of Representatives today. Mr. Calwell made overtures to the Op position parties for the establish ment of an all-party committee on immigration, a proposal made early last year by the Leader of the Coun?ry Party (Mr. Fadden) and re jected. Mr. Calwell said' be would like to see the committee established before the Parliament adjourned and the terms of reference decided upon to enable an early inquiry to be Commnawealth and State officers have been conferring in Canberra this-week on aspects of migration policy, and Federal and State Min isters will also confer shortly to enable the next Prqniers' conference to make final decisions for a com bined plan for successtul migration. Subsequently, Mr. Calwell tabled the report of the Commonwealth Immigration advisory Committee, which inquired into migration mat tens after attending the Inter snational labour Office conference last year. a: ropean a Somes. Of the Jrinopean nations, the committee considers there are thousands of flrst-cla migrants available in Sw rland, Holland, Norway and, to some extent, the refugee peoplea The Swiss Government has been sendin its migrants to Brazil but these people, are ready to came to Australia, as they do not care for latn America, as the population is bove saturaton point. The Swiss Government would be prepared to contribute to the cost of their pas Holland ranks with Switzerland as a potential source of migrants, and the co- operation of the Netherlands Government is assured. There will be migrants offering from Belgium, but not in great numbers, while the Danish Government Is not sympa thetic to migration, as it has done much for the worker and ex pects him to remain in his home land. The committee considers that landing money in the case of im poverished Europeans would have to be reduced. Not many Swedes could be expected, as Sweden is in the unique position of having almost funtlme employment, while most of the refugees are fully employed at present. The French are not In terested in migration; actualy, people are being invited to come to Praice. Dealing with British migration, the committee found that the Brit ish Government trade unIon lead era, Industrialists and other authori ties were all willing to co-operate on the migration of British ex-ser vice personnel and civilians, but it was stressed to the committee dur Ing their inquhires about British capital being sent to Australia that the incidence of double taxation, which is now under discussion be tween the British and Common wealth Governments, had a stultify ing effect on investment and should be eliminated. After exhaustive inquiries, the committee decided that the proposed Commonwealth scheme to bring 50,000 children, particularly war orphans to Australia over a period of three years, was premature and decided without a proper survey of the position. Considerable em barrassment was caused by Press announcements regarding the scheme, which, the committee de cided, was quite impracticable be cause there are no war orphans available in any numbers for a scheme of this kind. The committee suggests that as sisted passages should be extended to all Britons desiring to come to Australia, irrespective of domicile, but the assistance shbuld not exceed that applicable under the British scheme. Urging a vigorous publicity cam paign, the committee concludes by saying: "If we want migrants, the country must set about preparing to receive them. This is only possible if we have work to be done and projects, such as water conservation and irrigation schemes, soil con servation, reaf~orestation, fisheries development and completion of hydro- electric schemes put in hand immediately. 