TRUSTEESHIP PRINCIPLE SOUTH AFRICA'S SECURITY. SAFEGUARDS SOUGHT. (From a Special Representative of the Australian Associated Press.) LONDON. April 30.-With the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand agreed on Pacific policy the question of the Com monwealth's lines of communica tion, especially through the Medi terranean, has taken the forefront in the Dominion talks. The par ticipation of Field Marshal Smuts (Prime Minister of South Africa) has injected new vim into the proceedings and it seems certain that Mr. Bevin returned to Paris with a clear understanding of his views. South African circles in London emphasise the divergence 1 of viewpoints between South ( Africa and Australia and New Zealand on the future of Italian , colonies. All are opposed to sole Russian trusteeship of Tripolitania and the return of her colonies to Italy but, whereas the Pacific Dominions support a collective U.N.O. trusteeship, South Africa desires continuance of the present status under British administra tion. Field Marshal Smuts is concerned with two aspects South Africa's security and the British Commonwealth's lines of communication. As regards defence, Field Maraa I Smuts seeks safeguards that the' Italian colonies in North Africa and East Africa will not ever again be-2 come centres from which South Africa's security can be threatened.' A potential enemy in East Africa would be comparatively close and4 even one in North Africa would not be far away in.this air age, as Field Marshal Smuts himself demon strated when he flew from Cape Town to Cairo in less than 24 hours. As regards U.N.O. trusteeship, Field Marshal Smuts is credited with the view that until Russia proves she is willing to co-operate and can I co- operate it is safer to have a con tinuance of the present British "trusteeship" than U.N.O. or some other collective trusteeship where t the Russian representative could t possibly interfere with the British I Commonwealth's communications or I obstruct administration in parts vital i to their maintenance. It is under stood that Australia is less willing L to see the problem in this light than New Zealand which, it is reported, is impressed by Field Marshal I Smuts's arguments. The Dominion Prime Ministers at yesterday's meeting generally agreed t to Britain's proposal for trusteeship " of territories over which mandates . were at present held, said an official spokesman. The Prime Ministers, I who were joined by Field Marshal Smuts, discussed the trusteeship question generally and heard the exposition of Britain's views on the form of agreements to be put before the United Nations Assembly. They F then voiced their views on how far proposals fitted in with the Do minion Governments' plans, The f Dominions generally agreed that the trusteeship arrangements marked a I substantial advance on the mandates system in that the trustee Power t was enabled to take the necessary steps for the defence of its charge. However, Field Marshal Smuts again emphasised South Africa's fear that the trusteeship system, as applied to South-West Africa, might [ lead to undesirable immigration , I having strategic and political im Splications. Mr. Chifley and Mr. SNash agreed with the British view' that sufficient provisions could be I written into the proposed agree ments to prevent excessive immigra I lion of undesirble non-Indigenous )I peopl Theq expressed t opinion that, generally. Field Marshatl I Smuts's misgivings were unnecessary. "Britain took a stand at the i Dominions Premiers' Conference Swhich may impress people abroad s who picture her as always being s eager to extend her 'imperialism'," " says the "Daily Mail's" political correspondents It s clear that some \- of the Dominions would find it agreeable if Britain were wlling to Sassume the trusteeship of some of the former Italiasn territories but SBritain made it plain beyond doubt that she is not seekng further re sponsim ities, It is understood that aritain told the Dominions' repre sentatives that she had 'plenty on a her plate' with the colonies and mandates of which she now has t charge. 1' Mr. Bevin, reporting to the I Dominions Prime Ministers on the SParis talks, said that so far. thtngs Swere going very well, nsays the diplo I matic correspondent of the "Daily STelegaph" He added that the SRussians.were being more copera mtive than at any previous confer ences but it was yet too early to ex press any exaggerated hopes. The Greek, Danish and Yugoslav Ministers? in discussions with the Australian Minister for External Affa (Dr. Evatt) yesterday scght Australia's assistance for full par ticipation in the Paris Peace Con ference. They expressed gratifica tion to Dr. Evatt for the stand Aus tralia bad taken in international conferences during the post-war period onbehalf of the small nations and expressed the hope that Aus tralia's policy would continue along the same lines. Dr. Evatt had a long general dis Scussion yesterday with Mr. Hector McNeill (Parliamentary Under-Sec retary for Foreign Afairs) before accompanying Mr. Chlfley to Buck lngham Palace where Mr. Chiafley and the New Zealand Minister for Finance (Mr. Nash) were sworn in as .Privy Councillors. The three Ministers and Field Marshal Smuts [later attended a Privy Council meeting. 