MIGRATION POLICY f i~ -*- Advisory Committee's Report Tabled MINISTER MOVES FOR ALL-PARTY COMMITTEE Canberra, April 5.— Agreement has been reached between Britain and Australia on free and assisted passages for relatives and depen dants of servicemen and civilians to Australia, the Minister for Im migration, Mr. Calwell, announced in the House of Representatives to-day. Mr. Calwell made over tures to Opposition parties for the establishment of an all-party com mittee on immigration, a' proposal er of the Country Party, Mr. Fad den and rejected. Mr. Calwell said he would like to see the committee established before the Parliament adjourned and the terms of re ference decided upon to enable an early inquiry to be instituted. Commonwealth and State offi cers have been conferring in Can berra this week on aspects ol migration -policy and Federal and State Ministers will also confer shortly to enable the next Pre miers' Conference to make final decisions for a combined plan tor successful migration. Subsequently Mr. Calwell tabled the report of the Commonwealth Immigration Advisory Committee which inquired into migration matters after attending the In ternational Labour Office confer ence last year. Of the European nations the committee considers there are thousands of first-class migrants available in Switzerland, Holland, Norway and to some extent the re fugee peoples. Swiss Interest The Swiss Government has been sending its migrants to Brazil but these people are ready to come to Australia as they do not care for Latin America as the population is above saturation point. The Swiss Government would be pre pared to contribute to the cost of their passage. Holland ranks with Switzerland as a potential source of migrants and the co-operation of the Netherlands Government is as sured. There will be migrants offering from Belgium but not in great numbers, while the Danish Government is not sympathetic to migration as it has done much for the worker and expects him to remain in his homeland. The committee considers that landing money in the case of im poverished Europeans would have to be reduced. Not many Swedes could be expected, as Sweden is in the unique position of having al most fulltime employment while most of the refugees are fully employed at present. The French are not interested in migration. Actually people are being invited to go to .trance. Burden of Double Taxation Dealing with British migration, the committee found that the Bri tish Government, trade union leaders, industrialists and other authorities were all willing to co operate on the migration of Bri tish ex-service personnel and civi lians, ? but it was stressed to the committee during their inquiries about British capital being sent to Australia that the incidence of double taxation, which is now under discussion between the Bri tish and' Commonwealth Govern ments, had a stultifying effect on investment -and should be eliminated. After exhaustive inquiries the committee decided that the pro posed' Commonwealth scheme to bring 50,000 children, particularly war orphans, to Australia over a period of- three years was prema ture and decided without a proper survey of the position. Consider able embarrassment was caused by press announcements regarding the scheme which the committee de cided was quite impracticable be cause there are no war orphans available in any numbers for a scheme. Assisted Passages The committee suggests that as sisted passages should be extend ed to all Britons desiring to come to Australia, irrespective of domi cile, but the assistance should not exceed that applicable under the British scheme. Urging a vigorous publicity campaign, the committee con cludes by saying: 'If we want mi grants the country must set about preparing to receive them. This is only possible if we have work to be done and projects, such as water conservation, reafforesta tion, fisheries development, and completion of hydro-electric schemes, put in hand immedi ately.' 