FILLING EMPTY SPACES IN AUSTRALIA Committee's Report On Migration From Europe CANBERRA, Friday. The Commonwealth Government's proposed scheme to bring 50,000 European children, particularly war orphans, to Australia over three years, is quite impracticable. The simple reason is that there are no war orphans available in any numbers for a scheme of this kind. The estimated £64,000,000 or £71,000,000 needed to cover a child migration scheme would be better employed in some other section of adult migration. A family unit is the best basis for migration when children are sought in a scheme. This is the opinion of the Commonwealth Immigration Advisor)' Committee, headed by Mr I,. Haylen, MHR, In a report tabled in the House of Representatives today covering its investigations recently in England and the Continent. The report recommended a vigorous national development plan to capture the imagination of prospec- tive migrants. Members of the committee — Messrs Haylen, MHR.; Lawson, MHR; A. E. Monk, R, C. King, MLC; W. A. Oberg and P. R. Wilkins— found a live interest in Australia on the Continent, where migration clubs were a common sight. The report said Governments generally were not in favor of any other nation handling the problem of theii war orphans. The notable exception was 9000 children in Norway— "Hitler's children"—the offspring of Norwegian mothers and German fathers. The survey did not embrace war I orphans in former enemy countries, nor did the committee consider that a costly migration scheme for children was justified. POSITION ON CONTINENT The committee gave this pen picture of the migration position on the continent. SWITZERLAND : Splendid prospects for young migrants, both for rural and industrial callings; technicians for industries; small manufacturers, and farmers for our land will be available from this country. BELGIUM : No great flow of migrants expected. Those likely would come from the technical gioups — glass and textile workers, mechanics and professional groups. HOLLAND : This counti-y, with Switzerland and Norway appears to be the numerically strongest migration source in Europe. Government ; co-operation will be lorthcoming. Migrants would be agriculturists and men and women from industry. , Many farmers' sons with small cap'i- ;lal would come from Holland, since devastation had ruined so much of their land. DENMARK : Not a great sourre of migration, but splendid types in all sections of fanning industry would come. Boatbuilders and factory experts in dairying are interested. Government not sympathetic to migration, but no restrictive legislation expected. NORWAY : Many thousands of migrants amounting to a mass movement is expected from this country. Every phase of industry—agriculture and commerce—represented, including builders, shipwrights, engineers land members of the mercantile marine. SWEDEN : Limited number oi migrants amounting to some thousands, can be expected from Sweden. Many would pay their own fares, and have sufficient income for 12 months after arrival in Australia. FINLAND : The Finn is anxious to migrate. It appears that shipbuilders, farmers, fishermen, timberworkers and others would come to Australia in considerable numbers. The scheme is not favored officially. France is inviting people into the country, and recently created a department for this purpose. OTHER RECOMMENDATIONS The committee felt that as the migration plan was extended branch migration offices should be established in Switzerland, Hol- land, Norway and Denmark, with the Danish office covering Sweden, Finland and the Baltic countries. The committee recommended:— , (1) Where a free passage or assisted passage does not apply, a flat rate of £10 should be made for any selected migrants desiring to come to Australia. (2) Landing money should be reduced to a minimum and the amount eventually abolished. (3) Marriage loans and their effect on national birth-rate should be investigated to lift the population level and keep tile balance between the migrants and the native born. C.) Double taxation should bi> eliminated and a reduction effected in general taxation, together with the removal of taxation anomalies to stimulate the flow of British capital here. The committee felt the Minister for Migration should commence the selection and examination of British migrants at the earliest possible date and issue them warrants with the order of priority. Stressing the need to avoid any migration delay the committee said a free passage scheme for British eje- •service personnel should be implemented as early as possible and an assisted passage scheme for other British migrants be undertaken soon after. Dealing with the rehabilitation of Australian service personnel, tho committee stated: "There must not only be work and houses for tho people of Australia, but employment and shelter to spare if we arc to attract and hold migrants. We want them and we must do something vigorous about preparing to receive them." 