Blronx Moare Than Noise And a Drink From THEO MOODY EW YORK, Friday.-The wisecracking author ess Dorothy Parker once said what was con sidered the last word on the Bronx, New York City's third borough: "The Bronx? No, thonx!" Dorothy Parker, of course, couldn't have known then that the Bronx, as the temporary headquarters of the United Nations Organisation from Monday, has become "the capital of the world." rT'HE Bronx. for all its newly found importance and dignity, is little known outside America, indeed, outside New York. Sophisticated Manhattanites speak of the borough north across the Harlem River with faint amusement. Australians know of it, be cause the Bronx has given its name to a universal but vulgar method of expressing derision with the mouth-the Bronx cheer or "raspberry." Drinking people know of it be cause of the Bronx cocktail, a de vastating concoction of gin. ver mouth, and orange juice, that, oddly enough. isn't drunk in the Bronx. Bronxites are ashamed that the city's present fame outside rests on the shabby foundation of the cocktail and the "raspberry." Two iUniversities The secretary of the Bronx Chamber of Commerce (Mr. Gan non) thinks too much is made of the cocktail and Bronx cheer theme. Those. were vulgar details, he said, and didn't give the truth about the Bronx. The fact was that 'the Bronx was the cultural centre of New York. Mr. Gannon pointed out that the Bronx was known as "The Borough of Universities." It has two universities-Fordham and New York University - and five colleges, including spacious Hunter College. where the U.N.O. Security Council is in session. Its cultural institutions are also taken to include the Yankee Sta dium, the huge outdoor arena where the Louis-Conn heavy w'eight championship fight will be staged in J.Tulv. i-ig Aparun cut.s The Bronx is very proud of its 233 churches, and the fact that more than one-sixth of its total area of 25.500 acres is devoted to parks. Bronxites. although citizens of New York City. prefer to speak of their borough as the sixth city of America. They claim its population of 1,600,000 gives it .this position after New York, Chicago, Phila delphia. Detroit, and Los Angeles. But the fact is the borough de pends on. and is part of, New York. More than 400.000 Bronxites come daily to Manhattan to work. a fact which has led to the Bronx often being described as the "bed room of Manhattan. Bronxites are apartment dwellers. More than 70 per cent. of the borough's residences are apartments. One big Bronx housing project has a community block of 12,200 apartments spread over 129 acres. It houses 50,000 people. The Bronx has one of the largest Jewish communities in America. More than 30 per cent. of the borough's populatiori is Jewish. a fact which seems to annoy some of the local unenlightened. Kingsbridge Station; which is th# closest subway station to U.N.O. headquarters, is liberally scrawled with the slogan, "Kill the Kikes (Jews)." The borough has two daily Yid dish newspapers, and many movie theatre placards. printed in Yid dish. The Bronx was also the home for a time for Edgar Allan Poe, and 'ocal btusinessmen have named a beauty parlor, garage, and tavern after him. 'Churchill Link The borough gets its name from the first settler, Jonas Bronck, a Danish immigrant who took up land north of the Harlem River in 1639 before the English took over New York. Bronxites have one affinity with Australians-they are great horse racing fans. An early Bronxite was one of the first to import blood horses. One of the borough's most famous tracks-.Jerome Park was named after Leonard Jerome, Bronxite, who was the maternal grandfather of Winston Chuirchill 