WOULD FARMERS RATHER HAVE LABORERS OR SHARE MEN? DEAR MIRANDA. — "Misty Mountains" thinks farmers would rather have laborers than- share men. Some might but, as she admit!, tabor is hard to get. The laborer expects a house rent- free and at least £5 a week. TS he interested in whether the farm pays? A share man is. How many really successful far mers started as share farmers and later bought good farms and suc ceeded? The go-ahead man with the object in view of later own ing land will work hard. So I say a farmer Is better off with a good share man, but he can expect to keep the share man only until he has raised enough capital to get a farm of his own. There is a farmer here, a lonely man. His only brother was killed in the last war. As he is getting up in years he decided to sell the farm to a young married returned man, free of interest. He has built on a small piece of land and wfll pot ter about for the nest of his days. It is a pity more men in a like position do not do likewise. This farmer said that if it had not been for tire lads who went to keep the Japs away he would not be selling his land, but would be a slave. So this is his gesture of gratitude towards one who fought well for us all. We hear much about dislike of foreigners, but how soon they be come good Aussies. The man I have written about had a German mother. He sold his farm for far less than the valuer's price, not withstanding that in this district some farms have changed hands for as much as double the price they cost only a few years ago. . I do believe that foreigners should not be allowed to live in groups or settlements, but should be made to mix with the people of the land of their adoption, so that their children will more quickly become Australians. If Danes and Dutch settle here on the land they, being good, fanners, will soon show us many things, for we can all learn something from others' ways. Many of these im migrants will be farmers whose people have been thrifty fanners for generations. We have many fine farmers, but so many who are careless in the little things, so there Is often much waste through lack of thought and thrift. I think Aus tralia is wide enough and big enough for many thousands oi foreigners. Let us offer the hand of- friendship to these strangers. One way of helping to people Australia would be for those who have house room, or can afford to build a big house, or have too much land for one pair of aged hands to work, to apply for a Bri tish, or Dutch, or Danish family to work with them on shares, the immigrants to stay with them not less than one year. ' After that they could be free to seek land for themselves. A well-peopled Australia will mean a strong Australia. It is people for the land we need, be cause our own peoole are drifting to the cities-ENDIL. 