An Opinion From An Immigrant O 9 / The writer of. this let- V ter is a Danish jour nalist with first-hand . experience of the reception a foreign immigrant gets on arrival in Australia. V It needs no comment. / "You reach the Land of Pro mise, and you . get up so early in the morning that everyone else Is asleep. With what little bit - of courage you have, you go down and pack your scanty luggage ready for the great moment. "Then they are on to you, great burly, civil immigration police, and in a few minutes you won der whether you are a hunted criminal, you are bewildered, you do not understand, they take your fingerprints, they fire . ac cusing questions at you. they ask you to speak English, and I you stammer off in the language you learned at school. "Then they tell you to report there, and there they fire names of places at you, which you' have never heard of before, and your heart is filled with bitterness and anger. You think of your little house on a peaceful Scan dinavian countryside; you think of the green grass and your free dom of life, and you regret with- all your heart and mind that you ever set sail for this coun try of the sun. "That is why Australians do not get the right type of immi grant; that is why you wonder what happened to all the good farme'is. the famous Danish but- termakers and milk experts. "I tell you they stay at home for the simple reason that they are not attracted by a nation which is completely Indifferent to their fate should they choose to come to Australia. "They, are good fanners, good settlers, people who will be as similated in one generation to the country of adoption, who will become loyal citizens of the com monwealth of Australia if given the right opportunity. . "You must revise your immi gration laws and first and fore most iy6u must alter your atti tude towards the immigrants that do try the leap. ; "You .must open an office in Scnndinavia with decent litera ture and personnel, who . can answer questions on land, pas- sago and agricultural matters. "You must wake up to the fact that if the immigrants will not come, to you, you must make an effort of obtaining them in the right way and make your offer attractive enough to get people from countries with the highest living standard of the world to come and become citi zens of your country. "Remember that when you growl about foreigners." — NX95458 Jon Arup 