MIGRATION PLAN APPROVED "THOUSANDS WAITING TO COME HERE" CANBERRA, Fri: Agreement has been reached be- tween Britain and Australia on free and assisted pasages for servicemen, their relatives and de- pendants, and civilians to Australia, Mr Calwell, Immigration Minister, announced in the Ho\ise of Representatives today. Mr Calwell asked Opposition par- ties to establish an all-party com- mittee on immigration, a proposal made early last year by Mr Fadden, CP leader, and rejected. Mr Calwell said he would like to see the com- mittee established before Parliament adjourned, and the terms of refer- ence decided upon to enable an early inquiry to be instituted. Mr Calwell tabled the report of the Commonwealth Immigration Advisory Committee on migration after attending the ILO conference last year. Of the European mitions the committee considero there are thousands of first class migrants available in Switzerland, Holland, Norway, and, to some extent, the refugee peoples, notably 30,000 Balts now in Sweden. The Swiss Govern- ment has been sending its migrants _to Brazil, but these people are "ready to come to Australia, as they do not care for Latin America, as the population is above saturation point. The Swiss Government would be prepared to contribute to the cost of their passage. Holland ranks with Switzerland in a potential source oí migrants, and co- operation of the Netherlands Go- vernment is assured, There will be migrants offering from Belgium, but not in great numbers, while the Danish Government is not sympa- thetic to migration, as it has done much for the worker and expects him to remain in his homeland. The committee considers that landing I money in the case of impoverished Europeans would have to be reduced. Not many Swedes could be expected, as Sweden is in the unique position i of having almost full employment, i while mast of the refugees are fully employed at present. The French I are not interested in migration. People are being invited to come to France. Dealing with British migration and British capital being sent to Aus- tralia, the conmiii-tee found that the incidence of double taxation had a stultifying effect on investment, and should be eliminated. The committee decided that tlie proposed Commonwealth scheme to bring 50,000 ch'ldren, particularly war orphans, to Australia over a period of three years was premature. There are no war orphans available in any number for a scheme of this kind. The committee suggests that] assisted passages should be extended to all Britons, irrespective of domi- cile, but the assistance should not exceed that applicable under the British scheme. Urging a vigorous publicity cam- paign, the committee concludes by saying: "If wo- want migrants the country must prepare to receive them. This is only possible if we have work and projects, such as water conservation, irrigation, soil conservation, reafforestation, fisheries development, and completion of hydro-electric schemes put hi hand immediately." 