Immigrants Muit Not Be Forced Into Isolation m WRITER SAYS Every Australian realises today that this country ^P needs migrants, writes a social student. But is he prepared to do his share to make any large-scale immigration scheme a success? Is he pre pared to assist the foreign migrant to Become a fully fledged, loyalj and contented Australian citizen ^s early as possible?, Is he prepared to admit the foreign migrant as an equal part ner into his union, his club, his home, to show him in the most direct way the true Australian way of life? If he is not, our educators — school teachers, politicians, news papermen—have an extremely ur gent job to do. Its failure would seriously jeopardise the prospects of any large-scale immigration scheme. Its success will make for a better and bigger Australia of the future. Under the scheme proposed by the Commonwealth Government Australia of the rr id-seventies will have' a population of about 11 million, with every fifth Austra lian bprri abroad. Most of the newcomers will be of British stock, but hundreds of thousands, per haps a whole million, will.' have come from Continental countries. There will be migrants from Cen tral, Northern, and Southern Europe; farmers from Poland, craftsmen from Holland, fisher men from Greece. There are only two ways in which these migrants can settle. .UU011C1 tiicjr will u^ jiv^j. u \\.\j v««»»» selves, barred from the rest of the Australian community by natural differences in language and cus tom. Then they will have no other choice but to form com munities of their own, and we have no right to blame them for it. Or an effort will nave to be made by every Australian in dividually to do his share in 'quickly assimilating the foreign migrants of the future into the Australian .communities. This will be a jod oeyona government planning: it will be a job for the individual and his private groups and organisations. There are1 quite a number of ways in which our educators can help to overcome an occasional reluctance against receiving new comers into Australian society. It is a commbn belief that 98 per cent, of Australians are of British stock. But this figure in cludes any person born in Aus tralia, whether of Australian or foreign parents. According to J. L-yng (Non-Britishers in Austra lia, Melbourne University Press, lr'35), the proportion of .Austra lians of British stock (English, estimated at slightly' ever 90 per cent., whereas, over 9 per cent, of other European stock, mainly Ger man, Scandinavian, and Italian. This means that today almost one Australian in every_ ten is, either wholly or partly, 'of non-British descent, and he is just as good an Australian' as the nine others. Any Australian textbook on his tory and economic geography ought to include a chapter on the contributions which migrants of various nationalities made to the development of Australia. Every schjool child lear,ns |about Abel Tasman, the Dutch sailer, and Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Leich hardt, the German explorer. But how many people know the story of the German settlers who de veloped the hills and nlains of South Australia, who later pion eered the . Wimmera ; and the Darling Downs? How many.pep ple know the leading part which farmers -and experts from- pen mark and Sweden played in the development of Australia's dairy ing industry? Every school child ought to learn of the share which Aus tralians of foreign, non-British birth, have in the economic' de velopment of their country of adoption. Textbooks could tell the story of Danish-born Sir Edward Knox, founder of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company, of Swedish-born C. A; Nobellus, pioneer of the nursery industry; of German-born J. E. Seppelt, who helped to develop the wine industry. Knowledge of .tiiese and other great contributio/ns which non-British migrants iiave made to Australia's economy^ will be one of the best ways of making the value of future migrants ap preciated. witnoui tne active co-operation of all of us, no large-scale iin migration scheme, however, well planned, can become a real siicr cess. In a totalitarian countiy this might be different.. . In a democracy, such voluntary co operation ds the prerequisite for success. -? ? 