SALUTE TO SWEDEN By MAURICE L. PEREZWEIG It has become commonplace to say that the Jewish people is pass- , ing through one of the bitterest i phases of its history, in the most I monstrous outbreak of savagery in the history of the western world, hundreds of Jewish communities were obliterated; and six million dead—a third of the entire Jewish people — bear their mute and terrible witness to the moral catas trophe which has overwhelmed civilization. The military power of our enemies has indeed been des troyed, but their ideas march on to new conquests in Europe and the Middle East and now threaten to invade the New World.' Tc the victors we represent no more than a problem in a world of i problems. It is not that they do not know the story. They have told it themselves at Nuremberg, in the court room they say that the wrong we have suffered, is like no other wrong, but outside they em ploy a different eloquence. We are warped that our importunities are not welcome; we are told not to push to the head of the queue.' And if the survivors A of dying communities organize a little rudi mentary self help in their flight from death, it assumes the propor tions of an international ’conspira cy. Among all the burdens we have to bear there is none heavier than this, that we are wounded daily in the house of our friends. • It would not have been astonish ing if in the face of this s ituation the Jewish people in Europe had completely despaired of civilization and given themselves over to some new philosophy of nihilism and terror. They took too courageous and too active a part in the under ground resistance to the Nazi ty ranny not to be aware of the at tractions of violence and conspi racy when the appeal to justice is hopeless. Everywhere in Eastern and Southern Europe from Poland to Greece, other groups have sought refuge from reality in viol ence and conspiracy, not because they can hope to succeed against the armed might of the great powers but because they are at the end of their moral tether! Why not the Jews? There are many answers to this question. First and foremost there is the obdurate inner strength of the Jew reared in the authentic Jewish tradition, which no external circumstances seems able to invade much less to subjugate. It is the fruit of the long schooling in ad- j versity of a people committed by every impulse of its being to an immemorial ideal. But this essen tially religious factor has been reinforced by the knowledge that in his struggle the Jew has never stood absolutely alone. He has ne ver reached the point of unrelieved lonelinfess which is the threshold of despair. Thousands of Jews now surviving in Europe owe their lives to the courage and self sacrifice of Gen tile neighbours. Hundreds of thou sands of Jews were maintained in life and hope because there were a few neutral countries—a very few—which held out the promise of refuge. Easily foremost among! these was Sweden. 1 Some two hundred thousand re fugees of many nationalities and races at one time or another during the war found a temporary home in Sweden. That in itself is a suffi ciently impressive record for a ‘ country with a population rather . less* than that of a city like Lon don or New York. But the unique- J ness of Sweden’s contribution does not lie in this. There were some other countries which admitted re fugeea but for the most part re luctantly and with an almost pain ful sense of self-righteousness — though even these shine by compa rison with the countries of the New World, which found new and ingenious reasons for limiting im migration when the need was great est.. Sweden did not merely ac quiesce in the admission of refug ees. who beat desperately on her doors. She went out of her way to rescue thousands who without her help could neer have reached her shores. There were moments when her policy of rescue came into conflict with) what in other countries might have been regarded as su perseding reasons of state. But she did not falter. Sweden on more than one occasion put the claims of humanity above reasons of state T know of few other countries of which this would be said, nor do 1 .know of a more exacting test of the moral quality of a civiliza/ tion. And to carry out this policy she unhesitatingly spent millions of dollars of public money in ad dition to the munificent and cease less priate charity of her people. Has the civilized world yet appreci ated the contribution Sweden made to the maintenance of hu man .and moral values at a mo ment of the gravest peril to civi lization? Consider that extraordinary and almost incredible episode ,the res cue of the whole of the Jewry of Denmark, native and foreign, in 1943—an episode in whose perils and glory the Danish people took their full part. On October 1st of that year the Swedish Minister in Berlin was instructed to inform the Nazi Government that the pro jected deportation of the Jews of Denmark would “cause serious re percussions in Sweden”; and at the same time he conveyed the. offer of the Swedish Government to give asylum to all Danish Jews. There was no offiical reply, but the German press responded imme diately with insults and threats. The threats did not deter the Swedes. • In the course of a few weeks nearly eight thousand Jews were transported across the Sound through the heroic efforts of the Danish police, fishermen, and sail ors, and with the active coopera tion of the Swedes. Thousands of willing hands received the re fugee's when they landed. Legal formalities were reduced to a min imum. The refugees were given supplies, and provided with free transportation. Castles, public buildings,"hotels and private rooms were opened for their accommoda tion. Universities received the stu dents. Special intercession services were {held in the churches and com munitjes vjed with each other in providing* for the refugees. The Swedish'Government and its admi nistrative services gave uncon cealed and enthusiastic support to the Danish Embassy in Stockholm in its work of supervision. The (Continued oh page 10) SALUTE TO SWEDEN (Continued from page 3) WBHHHSBSRa!* whole Jewish Community of Den-, mark—sick and hale, old and young, men and women—was de livered from deportation and death Many of the rescuers gave their lives in the effort, and the price may have meant a serious risk to Sweden. There has surely been nothing like it even in the strange, eventful history of the Jewish people. Or consider the intervention of Sweden on behalf of the Jews of Hungary on the following year. From the first day of the German occupation in March, a line of Jews awaited outside of the Swed ish Legation in Budapest, . a line which grew continually. The Jews were not turned away. The whole of the Legation staff under Min ister C. I. Danielson immediately went to work. Protective docu ments were issued, whereby Jews were taken under the wing of the Swedish Legation like Swedish ci tizens. Food and clothing were as sembled for those in need. The de- j legate of the Swedish Red Cross, Valdemar Langlat, a man of se venty-two who had been teaching Swedish at the University of Bu dapest, rented a score of houses and offices on which Swedish signs were placed, crowded as many people as he could into them, gave them “letters of protection,” and thereby saved at least" two thou sand people. The King of Sweden, addressed a moving cable to Admi ral Horthy, and this appeal was followed by a joint intervention by the ministers of neutral states in Budapest. The appeal was followed by active measures. Raoul Wallen berg came** from Sweden armed with additional resources and powers as Secretary of Legation. He literally gave his life to the work of rescue for he never re turned, and no one knows how in. the confusion of the Hungarian collapse he met his end; but this heroic friend of humanity and the Jewish people saved by his own ef forts at least twenty thousand. There are other names that might be mentioned Asta Nilsson a wo man of sixty-four, who opened no less than fifty nurseries for aban doned children, and by a miracle of effort and sacrifice managed to sustain and feed them all until the Russian occupation. But the story is endless. It would take a volume to describe it. Many thousands of Hungarian Jews owe their survival to Sweden. Of this also it can be said that there;is no parallel 'to this effort in our history. Or consider: the visit of the dele gate of the Swedish Section of the World Jewish Congress, Norbert Masur, to Heinrich Himmler, in those apocalyptic days of April 1945 when the Nazi Reich was tot tering to its fall. A distinguished Swedish physician Medicinalradet Kersten, to whom Himmler was in debted for medical treatment, ar ranged this visit and accompanied the Jewish delegate; but it was made possible by the Swedish Foreign Office, which not merely provided facilities but gave the mission active help and encourage ment. As a result of this visit about six thousand women, of whom half were Jewish, as well as smaller groups of men were saved at the'last moment with the help of a Swedish bus column provided by the Swedish Red Cross under Count Folke Bernadotte. Masur also received an assurance that concentration camps would no lon ger be evacuated but surrendered to the advancing Allies. What this assurance was worth no one can say with certainty, but what is cer tain is that the Swedish Govern ment placed no limit on the num ber of victims of Nazi terror to be admitted to Sweden as a result of this effort. The armistice did not bring the 'contribution of'jhe government & people of Sweden to an end Ten I thousand refugees were received in • May 1945 and a like number in the 1 following month, about half of | both groups being Jews. The ma- ! intenance of these refugees, thou sands of them requiring medical care, imposed a new and heavy ' burden of expenditure on. the Swe dish Treasury,, but the work of rescue goes on in a score of ways Nor is it likely to cease until the need ceases. The work will go on because the natural humanitarianism of a highly civilized people is reinforced by an understanding of the Jewish tragedy and a profound sympathy with the effort of the Jewish people to rebuild its national life under conditions of security and freedom. Of this there was abun dant evidence long before the war when Jewish representatives never went in vain for help to the spokes men of Sweden at the League of Nations. That this attitude has in the intervening years been fully maintained is shown by the warm hospitality accorded to the I-Iekha lutz groups which have been, and are being trained in Sweden, and the numerous occasions on which the Swedish Labour movement has shown in word & deed its support of Jewish labour.in Palestine. j In her formal neutrality Sweden did more to aid tho cause for which the United Nations stood than some of the governments ' which issued hasty and belated de clarations of belligerency on the I eve of Allied victory/ j 