NEW ICELANDIC REPUBLIC IS STURDILY INDfePENDENT Volcanic Island That Played Strategic Role in War May Be Important As Trans - Atlantic ¡ Stop-Over Bases. i AV '... (By A Special Correspondent) . RECENTLY the Prime Minister of Iceland, Mr. O afur Thors, brought the ^island republic into the international news spothght by ( declaring that Ice land^ could not grant * request by the United States for nul.tary bases, land could not gran 1 r IwIand bccame an independent repubhc, finally severingthe island^ association with Denmark - an assoc.atton winch had lasted more than five and a half centuries. IN' rejecting the Amorienu Tequcst i for Dnscs, the Primo Minister said that although U.S.A. was tho first .na tion to recognise tho Icelanders' right to re-establish thoir Republic and I therefore entitled to tho best that Ice land could givo, Icelnnd could not say yes when tho U.S. ashed for something Iceland could not grant anyone. Lead- i ors of other political parties expressed I agreoment. It was in June, 1944, that Iceland's link with Denmark was broken. The declaration followed n resolution car ried by leeland's 101G-ycar-old Althing ) early in 1941. Lying closo to somo of the principal i convoy routes of war, Iceland occupies ! ft position of groat strategic significance in tho far reaches of tho North At lantic. It is certain to maintain its im portance with the establishment of peacetime trans-Atlantic air routes. It is because of these considera tions that bases in Iceland would be an immensely valuable acquisi tion. A volcanic island, Iceland has an BTca of about 40,ii(J0 square miles. Its population is about 125,000, of whom ono-third livo in tho capital,- Rcykja-' Political independence has been ach ieved by . successive stages. : Af tor World War I. a Federal Constitution was drawn np, and accepted by . Den mark and Iceland, under which they tvoro indepondent States united, under the samo sovoroign, and with foreign: affairs and defence matters under Den: mark's control, Following tho Ger man invasion of Denmark in April, 1940, tho Icelandic Government was temporarily invested with tho Royal powor by resolution of tho Althing. A year later tho resolution to sever tho union wns camed, and a Regent elected to servo until tho union was formally dissolved . Lying just south of tho Arctic Cir-' ele, Iceland is a woather-curved plat eau culminating in an ice-capped watershed eovoring 5000 square miles¡ and containing 120 glacier's. -There aro well over 100 volcanic 'ponies, of which: more than 25 have recorded eruptions. Although tho climato is compara tively müd for tho latitudes in -which Icelnnd is situated, tho only habitable areas are tho valleys and lowlands, which represent ond-fourth of tho to tal area. Large areas wero covered with lava flows and volcanic a&U; in 1783, when a chain of craters on Mt. Iiaki erupted. Tho bulk of the island's livestock was destroy ed and great areas of land wore devastated. This, with resulting famine and epidemics, killed,nearly one-fourth of tho population. Earthquakes4 bavo been frequent. Hot springs occur, and geysers, from which water and mud aro hurled high in tho air at regular intervals, were first known in Iceland. Other unusual phenomena of this strange land include sandy deserts, glncial lakes, bogs and quicksands, as well as waterfalls and enormous glac iors. Trees aro limited to a very stunted typo of birch. Heath and' 'bilberry coyer large stretches, nnd during tho brief summer bright-flowered rock plants provide a touch of color. Many vile. mosses aro found, and largo liords of reindeer food on some of these. Tho reindeer wcr0 introduced to Iceland more than a century-and-a-half ago, Many species of birds frcquout Ico land, but tho most uotablu aro tho wildfowl and tho eider duck. Tho sons abound in soals and whales, and white cod and trout are plenti ful. In the past DO years or so there has been rapid dovelopmont of tho fish eries, mid fishing is the island's main industrj-. Tho warm current known as tho North American Drift modifies tho severity of tho climato in tho south, where 'the rainfall is heavy. Tho nor thern areas aro drier and -older, and the cold Groonland Current frequent ly blockades tho coast with icepacks during the sumnior. . Agriculture is carriod on chief ly around Reykjavik, ia the south west. Hero, on the longest day, the.ro are 21 hours of sunshine, and on tho shortest four hours, Potatoes, hay, and turnips are prac tically the only crops cultivated. Gras ses' provide pasturage for sheen, cat tlo, goats and shagpv little Iceland ponies. Farmsteads aro mostly scat tered, but to-day telegraph, tolephono and postal services as well as roads connect them. It is bcliovcd that Irish monks wore tho first to visit Iceland. They settled there befor'o the beginning of tho ninth .century, but left artor Norsemen came about 870 A.D. Sailing sturdy Viking ships, these Norsemen had refused to "submit to Harold Fairhair who had risen from a potty chieftain to becomo first king to establish sovereignty over all Norway. ' . With some Scottish and Irish, immigrants, these ha.rdy settlers created Independent settlements in what they called "Snowland." It was in 930 that a general assem bly, the Althing, was established at Thingvellir.' Later a supremo court Was also sot up in connection with this, tho oldost popular assembly in Europe. Local feuds continued among tho set tlors, however. As a result of ono bf these feuds, Eric tho Red fitted out an . expedition about 980. and went to sock out land; which had been reported fur ther west. Tho discovery of Greenland followed, and after spending throe years exploring tho southorn and wes tern coasts, Eric returned to lead a colonising expedition to tho new land, which ho called "Greenland" in ordor to attract sottlers, A settlement was ' established and contact wag maintained with Iceland and Europe for four or Ave centuries, after which the set tlement was forgotten and its peo. plo diod out. About tho year 3000 Christianity waa introduced into Iceland by tho Norwe gian kings, who, with the assistance of the Archbishop of Nidnros, head of the church in Iceland, subjugated- tho is land in 1201. :. The 12th .and'13th cen turies marked the "Golden Age" of Icelandic literature. In 1380 the col ony passed with Norway under Danish rule, and it remained with Denmark when Norway brokó away in 1813. In the 14th and 15th centuries the generally disturbed condition of Europe was reflected in Iceland, and local dis asters, including epidemics and earth quakes, brought a decliuo in progress. Economic conditions became crippling, Iceland's position in relation ta neighboring countries. and tho Danish trade monopoly led to smuggling and friction. In tho 10th century the conversion of Iceland to the Lutheran faith by. tho Danish King introduced a. period of lit erary activity. But the island WÜB ne glected by Copenhagen - except foe exacting of revenues - and Iceland be came a prey to pirates. Hardy, Progressive Despite all the handicaps of an un productive land, tho Icelanders are a hardy and progressive people. Educa tional standards »re high, and it is said that moro books are s.old in proportion to tho population than in any European country. Democracy has a real mean ing for thc sturdy Icelanders, and wo men's suffrage has been in force for many years. Tho 1910 Peace Treaty proclaimed the permanent neutrality of Iceland. When World War II, broke out, Iceland was in danger pf becoming a victim of Ger man aggression, and in May, 19-10, af ter Denmark and Norway had boon in vaded, Great Britain declared Iceland to bo under British protection. Mili tary forces were lauded to safeguard the base. After a formal protest, the Al thing accepted assurances that Bri tain had no intention of Interfer ing in the island's internal affairs or. of maintaining occupation after the war. In 1041 tho U.S.A. took over tho gar risoning of thc island, and Iceland be carno an important base for air and sea patrols against German submarines and raiders. Meanwhile the . Althing had declared that the Iceland Cabinet pos sessed the prerogatives of the King, and it elected Mr. Sven Bjornsson as Ke gcnt, a position he held until he be came Iceland's first President, in June, 1944. During the war years economic troubles caused by tho loss of most of Iceland's normal markets became ap parent. The bulk of trading was done with Denmark, which was cut off after 1940; many of the fishing grounds wero sown with mines, and tho arrival of largo garrison forces caused further dislocation. The position improved when tho United States made goods available undor Lend- Leaso and at the same time bought tho exportable, sur plus of iish. Political,, economic and strategic con siderations tend to draw Iceland closer to thc United States, but tho states men of the tiny new republic aro dis playing sturdy independence. It luis been revealed officially that when an American Note in October last asked if conversations could begin for tho lease of titree- specific bases, no promise was given, despite^ tho reiteration of the U.S. offer, made during the preliminary San Francisco Conference, to support Iceland's application for membership of the United Nations. 