.DEVELOPMENT OF .. t LCI MOTION PICTURES. t Thousands Repogted 1issing b Every year thousands of pe'dple. are reported missing' .by their relieved or sorrowing relatives. Some of them "go missing" on purpose .Some have, e no alternative, for they are 'efficiently disposd of by someone who wanTs their money, their wife, their' husband or merely ,tieirl dife. Y. _.? -. . Towar* the end: of the last century;, physicists, scientists; inventors and en gjneers in rng a;d, ohr~ebontjient, and:,in the Uniited States were all intrigued =aith ,the prospqctof develop: ing moving, pictures., - Many famous menwere apnong.the x~erimenters who, bie by bit, imnproved ?on the Learliest inventions. ,One of them was, ~ he -as .tronomer, Sir John Herschel who In vented. the ..'.Thaumntrope," a .card with-a ,dog drawn ~n o oe .side . a . kennel .on the ,other: When.,the cad t :was tu.irled on astring the dog appear ed to be inside l?.e -kennel. ~ t That was one of the earliest attempts at mgving -pt?tires, -but .y 1889 .ny improvements had been made, 'and George Eastman had begun manufact- i uring photographic ifillm rn a 'nitro -cellulose base, . . - The Disappearing Inventor. Augustin le Prince ?was experimenting about the same tinie. 'Le Prince, who had been born in- etz in :842,, a ried an English wife, .and, established a School of Applied Ats .in Leeds. He had always been ..keenly interested in scientific experiments, and in 1886 he patented .a multi-lens ,projector ,(which he called a "deliverer") and at the same ite inveilted .a crude -formii of cinematograph for taking,,moving pic tures on sensitised pap~er using a gela tine foundation for his films instead of celluloid. By 1899 ,hca -hd .orked out the use of perforations on the sides of the film to regulate its speed thrqugh .the "deliverer." Then-le Prince: went- to- Paris-.and mysterously disappeared: Rumor, of course,. ,Xs ,wild, and his .disappearance created something of a senstioii.in -two; c.untries-- but Augus-. .tin le Prince was never heard of again. H:.is .was one of the. great inventive names in film development, and the present-day triumphs.ach.as "Henry V" and ..This -Happy Breed". owe a.- great deal to . this man .who .disappeared'- for keeps. Experimeiits Against Fire. A disappeaking inventor was only one of the trials the motion picture industry had to contend 'with in the days of its 'infancy. International squabbles over patent rights and: a fire in Paris which caused the death of 180 people were two set-backs which gave thPeind? try hard knocks. -The fire, which broke out-rat the Bazar de la Charite in 1897; was thouiht to have been caused- :irectly by the motiofrpicture machine. Among the 180 victims were 130 members of nobility, and the career of the infanqt film industry was ?iiiiost cut short for ever by this fire. At the time of le' Prince's disappear ance Police departments did not ,have the highly trained organisations behind them .thlit they -have today. 'The trac-. ing of missing persons. was a chancy business,i for -inter- country. communic ation.was Slowand gave anyonie want-, ing to disappear: a sporting chance, of succeeditug. But even in recent years, when "all moder i:conveniences" have been the outstanding feature of Police organisations, hundreds of people have disappeared "for,keeps".without leaving a trace. : :. One of the most famous was Judge Joseph qrater, who disapPeared o,,the evening, of August 6th, 1930, after dining in. New York with another Judge and a Broadway chorus girl. Ever since tat night the Bureau of Missing Persons.,has-.eptup an unre lenting search of, .te ,xisixsg man. All sorts of conflicting-rumors and "hunch es" were followed iup,-with no idefinite result. But- it was reliorted froth New -York last week that circumstantial evi dence gathered by the 'police: and by private investigators had added up. to virtual proof of the judge'sideath;. -It is! now thought that the .judge, who was known.to have been carrying:about £2,000.:on him on : the ':night. of : his disappearance; .was murdered in a taxi after he left:.the restaurant with .the Braoqway :chorus :girl, p:ssibly by gangster. friends-: of hers, who later cremated his::b.ody in. anqther State. '" Vanishing Ships; - Ain Austrai i ganjudge; Judge Gaivali Duffy, of Melburne; lost his mother disappeared 1--for keer: Tis sthe passenger : 'steamer -itWaratah, -hicli disilared'3ust befr Wkld War.-', witle on a tri.betweeni.elbiurne adii South Africa. - . . : . ..... - - " :For even these days, ships can dis appear '"fr kelps"vitf~io6u eavnIg any t?ace and in "such a way that'no ex planati~i for it?ie-., ppearance can ever be foinci:n -nThere was: the five masted Danish training ship, Koeben havn;, for instance, which sailed into oblivion-in- December, 1928, .,with 50 young cadets among her crew. The Koebenhavn left Montevideo on De cember 11Mth, 192851:or, Fresantl,"to pick up a cargo of whje?at-fhjil sih as one of the grain shils D.ying betweea Australia an tihe Contient. Oi De cember 20th, she was "spoken" by the steamer William Blumer;i and she was never seen again, Rescue ships search ed for her all alonglheri soute, but.she had disappeared as completely and as mmysteriously as the passengers and crew -;o-.thie M.arie .Celeste-...:- . - . Some:shdps, of -?ourse, "'disappeared" to satisfy the greed.of an .unscrupulous captain for. crew who had. an irlea but to collect* insuranqe. ' Some of, these1 ships were the infamous "cofi ships,'I which were deliberately sailedl in an unseaworthy !condition in the avpwed. but secret hope that they would founmd- er. Whether. or not the unsustecing passengers and the inngcent members of the crew were: drowned was im t-, erial. -Many immigrant, ships.c arying settlers to America were ;among .the `cofn shiis;' and the lives of thous-L ands of men, womn n d were -lost as the result of this mnurderous cmpidity. 