Ships that mysteriously disappeared posted missing in Lloyd's Register Unsolved Tragedies Of The Sea by "SEAMEW" No more tragic epitaph can be written of a ship than the cryptic note, "Miss- ing." Inserted immediately after her name in Lloyds' Register of Shipping, it indi- cates that some vessel long overdue is considered lost. To anxious relatives and friends this signifies official confirmation of their gravest fears, and the abandonment of hope. Another valuable vessel, with her more precious human freight, has mysteriously vanished, the grim secret of its destruction probably to remain for ever in the keeping of the inscrutable sea. SCORES of ships vanished during the sailing ship era. The windjammer followed of another sailer. lonely trails far from human ken. In the event of some major disaster the only hope of succour lay in the chance passing of another sailer. Even in the latter days of sail, when steamers crowded many of the sea lanes, the sailing ship routes remained lonely and remote. Over the dreary leagues of ocean be- tween Australia and South Africa below the 40th parallel, and on the storm-lashed waters of the Horn, ice was a constant menace. Several vessels, like the famous Torrens, miraculously escaped after encounters with the ice; doubtless many missing ships succumbed to the ice peril. Fire, too, was the constant dread of sailormen and often led to the loss of fine ships, and heavy death- tolls, as when the immigrant ship Cospatrick was consumed by fire with the loss of 470 lives. Spontaneous combustion in the cargo has led to the destruction of many vessels. Not a few coal-laden ships have sailed out of Newcastle—and into oblivion. In wartime when shipping is obliged to traverse submarine infested oceans and venture into mine-strewn waters, disappearances are inevitable; but even in the halcyon days of peace, fully manned and well-equipped ships have vanished, leaving no clue to the tragedy that suddenly enveloped them. In 1904 the crack interstate steamship Yongala, of the Adelaide Steamship Company, disappeared in baffling circumstances while steaming along the Queensland coast. Built in England in 1903, and valued at £100,000. the Yongala had been in commission only a few months and was regarded as one of the smartest ships on the interstate trade. On March 22, 1904 the Yongala sailed from Mackay for Townsville with a crew of 77 and 65 passengers. The weather was fine, and the ship in good trim. Later in the day weather conditions deteriorated, and a cyclonic disturbance swept along the coast with characteristic tropical suddenness, whipping up a confused and angry sea. That evening the keeper at Dent Island lighthouse sighted the Yongala, and watched her plunge valiantly onward into the gathering gloom. But Yongala was never seen again! During the night of storm she disappeared completely with her human freight. Her non-arrival at Townsville led to an intensive search over the narrow sea lane on which lay the ship's course. The search was extended to include all islands and reefs in the vicinity, but nothing was discovered that gave a clue to the nature of the tragedy that overwhelmed this fine new ship. Subsequently a mail bag and some flotsam, identified as having come from the Yongala were recovered from the sea, but the mystery surrounding the disappearance remains unsolved. * White the tratedy of the Yongala was still fresh to the public mind, another sensational disappearance, closely linked with Austra;ia, tralia, shocked and mystified the world. In circumstances closely resembling those associated with the Yongala, Lund's Blue Anchor liner Waratah vanished mysteriously off the South African coast. The Waratah was built in 1906, and by a strange coincidence she, too, was only a few months old. Constructed specially for the England- Australia trade, she was a beautiful twin screw vessel of 9,300 tons, 480 feet in length, valued at £175,000. On the voyage to Britain the Waratah arrived at Durban on July 25. Commanded by Capt. Ilbery, she carried just over 100 passengers, of whom 52 embarked in Australia, and a crew of 115. On July 26, bound for Capetown, the vessel resumed her voyage, steaming into a freshening westerly gale and nasty head sea. The following night the steamship Guelph passed a ship believed to be the Waratah. The passing stranger acknowledged the Guelph's Morse signal, but, because of poor visibility, only the final letters of the vessel's name could be made out— A T A H. The Waratah was never seen again! When the Waratah became over- due at Capetown there was at first no alarm, it was quite expected that head seas would delay the ship. But when hours extended into days apprehension arose. The cruisers Hermes, Forte and Pandora put to sea to search, and coastal shipping co co-operated. Shipping men predicted that some mechanical breakdown or damaged tailshaft had crippled the ship, and there was confidence that she would soon be discovered and brought in. Days became weeks, and not so much as a piece of wreckage provided a clue to the fate of the missing liner. Back and forth over thousands of miles of desolate ocean the seekers cruised without result. Far to the south the search extended, lest, helpless, the ship was being swept southward by the Agulhas current, but all to no avail. The loss of the Waratah remained, as it is today, a complete enigma. Unquestionably the most sensational disappearance of recent years was that of the world's largest sailing ship, the magnificent Kobenhavn. Pride of the Danish merchant marine, the Kobenhavn was a steel five-masted barque of 3,901 tons. Built at Leith, Scotland, in 1921, the giant sailer was equipped with auxiliary diesel engines and wireless, and was thought to combine the virtues of both sail and steam. She was owned by the East Asiatic Steamship Company, and served as an ocean-going training ship. The Kobenhavn was frequently seen in Australia, and loaded grain cargoes at Port Adelaide, Port Victoria, and Port Germein. Chartered to load wheat in Victoria, the Kobenhavn sailed from Montevideo on December 15, 1928. Wireless contact was maintained until the vessel was well south in the path of the Roaring Forties. By March the giant sailer's non- appearance and wireless silence aroused concern, for the Kobenhavn was no laggard. As weeks passed anxiety deepened to conviction that disaster had overtaken the training ship. The disappearance of the Kobenhavn was followed by one of the most extensive ocean searches in history. All vessels kept a sharp look-out for the great ship. Liners were diverted to examine lonely reefs and atolls. The s.s. Junee was chartered to conduct a systematic search over the sailing ship route. The liner Deucalian deviated from her course to examine the bleak Kerguelin islands and the Crozets. Steamers from South America scoured the desolate ocean waste between South America and South Africa, near the 50th parallel, but not the slightest trace of ship or complement rewarded the searchers. The extent of the endeavors to elucidate the Kobenhavn mystery may be gauged from the fact that the early months of the search are reported to have cost more than £200,000, which amount was contributed by the owners and the parents of the cadets. A steamer was still engaged in searching for wreckage in 1935. Whatever disaster overwhelmed the Kobenhavn must have occurred with dramatic suddenness, allowing no time to dispatch an SOS. As though plucked from the ocean by a giant hand, the incomparable Kobenhavn vanished completely. As recently as 1938 the German training ship Admiral Karpfanger disappeared mysteriously when homeward bound from Port Germein with wheat. In contrast with the Kobenhavn, there was no extensive search for survivors. No trace of the vessel has been seen. The degree of mechanical perfection attained by modern ship- builders and engineers has made sea voyaging extraordinarily safe today. The almost universal provision of wireless, the use of the sonic depth finder, and the ultimate installation of Radar to remove the danger from ice and collision should eventually eliminate completely from future lists of marine casualties the word "miss- ing." Danish training ship Kobenhavn, posted missing in 1928. She disappeared during a passage from Montevideo to Melbourne. 