CALWELL DEFENDS MIGRATION BOOKLET CANBERRA, Friday, — Some goods were still being sold in Sydney and Melbourne at prices quoted in the immigration booklet "Australia and Your Future," the Minister for Information (Mr. Calwell) said today. Mr. Calwell was replying, in the House of Representatives, to criticism of the booklet made in , the House last week. Extracts from the booklet read: 9 A weekly rental of 22/ will provide a comfortable, unfurnished home for a man, wife, "and three children. 9 Twelve oranges cost 1/6. 9 Ordinary women's shoes cost 18/11. Women's ready-made cotton frocks cost 27/4. A wife can be adequately clothed for £12/8/11 a year. 9 A boy of 10 years can be adequately clothed for £9/18/4 a year. Mr. Calwell said that a check investi gation, made in Sydney and Melbourne yesterday by officers of the Inform ation Department showed that, in many cases, items mentioned were still being sold at the prices current when the booklet was compiled. "There is. not the slightest doubt that the whole position' has been grossly exaggerated," Mr., -calwell said. "If Mr. Holt (Lib., Vic.) likes to: pay five guineas for a hat, that doesn't mean that the worker has to pay that price." v Clash With Speaker Earlier, in proceedings, Mr. Calwell clashed sharply with the Speaker (Mr. ROSGVGStr) Mr. Caiwell shouted at Sir Earle Page (C.P., N.S.W.): "You old hum bug!" ! Sir Earle Page had asked why Eng land paid a higher price for Danish butter than for Australian butter. The Speaker immediately 'jumped to his feet and ordered Mr. Calwell to , withdraw the remark. Mr.' Rosevear said: "You cannot throw epithets like that across the Chamber. Mr. Calwell half rose to his feet and sat down again. , t Mr. Rosevear: "Order. I ordered the Minister to withdraw/' Mr. Calwell: "I withdraw." x Later, Mr. Calwell claimed that Dame Edith Lyons (Lib., Tas.) had misquoted extracts from a Department of Inform ation pamphlet. Dame Enid claiming misrepresen tation, replied to Mr. Calwell, who rose to speak again. The Deputy Leader of the Opposition (Mr. Harrison) claimed that Mr. Cal well was repeating an earlier state ment, and the Information Minister was ordered to sit down. When Mr. Calwell protested, Mr. Rosevear said: "I have ruled that the Minister is not entitled to repeat what he said before.'.' Mr. Calwell: "I have said nothing." Mr. Rosevear: "The Minister is pot -going to put that over the Chair." 