[?] In the evenings, he carried drinks Today's Sydney Office # The summer heat in Ade laide in 1932 wilted the trees and baked the earth. \- Weighed down with heat and hun- ger, two young actors did the rounds of Adelaide's theatres looking for work. They didn't get a job, but they heard that the Melbourne Tivoli ur gently. wanted a dance team. . They conferred in the shady Park- lands, resolved to walk the 600 miles to Melbourne. Iri Portland (Vic.) they faced a bedless night, appealed to the police, were given a cell in the old jail. Before bunking down they perform ed dance routines at a . local ball. Their friend the policeman took round the hat, collected £3 for them. The actors reached Melbourne on a Thursday, worked Friday night in the Black and White Cafe, rehearsed m the Tiv. on Sunday, and opened the following week. One was Jimmy Hart, the other, Hal Alexander, the human dynamo who, -in six years, has made Actors' Equity — the actors' trade union — one of the most progressive unions in Australia. , At 44, tall, lean, hawk-faced Alex ander has 30 years of hard work be hind him. Born in Newcastle in 1902, he is the great-great-grandson (on the mother's side) of Irish immigrant Michael O'Dwyer, Newcastle's first undertaker and cabinet maker. Alexander first worked as a "boy" in a Newcastle furniture store. From furniture he took turns in a boot shop, soap works, chemist's shop, grocery shop, Steel works, railway yards, navvying, cooking. He can't remember how many jobs he had. While working round the State he saved to pay for lessons in "buck and wing" dancing. A keen ballroom dancer since 1913 — the year ragtime came to Australia — his toes took easily to tap and ec centric dancing. His new career started in 1929 when he danced nrofessionally in an Ernest C. Rolls show. i His next 10 years were years of the sort known to most players — hard work and unemployment, great good times and depression, sometimes hunger. Alexander played the Australian road. Many times he and his fellow- players were abandoned penniless, boardless, foodless in small country towns hundreds of miles from Sydney; Many times he set out through the bush to walk to Sydney. In 1932 the old and weak Aus tralian Actors' Federation collapsed. It had struggled along for years, de void of support, calling itself an actors' trade union. In 1939 it died. - Alexander and' a small group of players, who since 1937 had foreseen its death, immediately took control of 'workers' organisation in the en tertainment industry, and formed the active and determined Actors' Equity of Australia. To be in Sydney ready to help or ganise the new union, Alexander worked as a drinks waiter. Appointed in 1939 first secretary of the rejuven ated union, he worked all day for the union, without pay, kept his fam ily by carrying drinks in the evenings. Equity now has a paid staff of five, controls every entertainer in Aus tralia. Alexander's proudest feat was the forcing of the closed shop on big Melbourne, Sydney theatres in 1944. But with some satisfaction he re members, too, that in Gobar, in 1937, when his manager professed inability to pay players' wages or fares to Syd ney, he won the fight for a return fare by threatening to appeal to the Cobar miners from the stage. In 1940, when .he entered a theatre, players cried, "Here's the union man," and ducked for cover. They don't duck now. Last week Alexander's Actors' Equity challenged film companies' contracts in Australia, demanded new conditions, higher pay. Major studios agreed to parley. A dot on the map rocketed to fame Today's Adelaide Office $ A world spotlight was sud denly focused on what had been an insignificant dot on South Australian pastoral maps. The dot's name: Mount Eba. More than 70 years ago, English man Price Morris took his horse and buggy there and with half-wild blacks to help him, started a tattle station. This week the little cluster of build ings nestling in the hills on the edge of the great plains was officially de- - signated the starting point of the Em pire's chief rocket range. A new township of 500 people, in cluding English and Australian scien tists, will rise in the neighborhood of the 11-roomed stone homestead, from whose shady verandahs you can see the heat-haze shimmering over miles and miles of saltbush, bluebush, mulga. The homestead's backyard is a five-mile square "paddock" — English men who haven't seen it before will stare in amazement at the wide, open land with its paddocks the size of Eng lish counties. Some of them will fly to Eba from Adelaide. The station is a refuelling stop on the air route to Darwin. But those who go overland will train it to Kingoonya, about 300 miles from Adelaide, then motor 57 miles .over a bush track. . They will see kangaroos and emus racing ahead of their cars, the beau tiful red Sturt Pea growing on the sandy track, shell parrots and galahs rising suddenly in myriads. By day, the thermometer may regis ter 120 degrees, in the shade, but the night is cool, sleep easy. Average annual rainfall is only about six inches, but this season the fall has been nearly 12 inches and feed is thick and high. Mount Eba's nearest neighbors are at Bon Bon, 20 miles off, but the Eba folk have refrigeration, their own power plant, and a pedal radio. The station (stocked with sheep) is expected to remain when the rocket range opens. Game in the country to the south will be scared far back into the hills . when the projected new branch rail way thrusts to Mount Eba from the east-west line. To provide more water a 230-mile pipeline from Port Augusta is planned. With water enough Mount Eba soil will yield vegetables in abundance. Said Mount Eba man Ross Jacob this week: "Rocket bombs won't be the only marvels. I once grew a melon weighing half a hundredweight — and I have a picture ta prove it." The 200-mile-wide range will eventually stretch 1100 miles north-west from Mount Eba to the Western Australian coast be tween Shellborough and Broome, then for another 1900 miles over the Indian Ocean in the direction of Christmas Island. A Secret Service veteran roamed Today's Sydney Office O Back in Australia after a tour of the Netherlands East Indies is 61-year-old John de la Valette, salesman-at-large for Australian-made goods. On a trade survey for the Consoli dated Export and Import Group of Australia, short, stout, bearded de la Valette travelled 13,000 miles (1400 by jeep) through Java, Borneo, Celebes, Ambon, the Halmaheras, Biak, Timor. . Wherever hie went, he told Dutch, Chinese, Indian, and Indonesian traders that Australia could supply most goods they needed. Said he this week: "I could get into Java only by becoming an ac credited war correspondent. American traders came as accredited members of US economic or trade missions, or as war correspondents themselves. "The Americans had permanent suites at Batavia's Hotel des Indes, and always there were 10 or 12 of them there. "Because of the Australian boycott of Dutch shipping, Australia has lost at least £30,000,000 worth of NEI trade, as well as possible repeat orders. "But it's not too late to make a re covery. NEI merchants — Chinese, Indian, and Indonesian — will give us huge orders if we can deliver the goods." In Indonesia, added de la Valette, many people were eating Australian canned fruit and vegetables, which they believed . were American. The produce had been processed in Australia for the Yanks, who sold it . later to the Dutch as surplus — minus the Aussie labels. Born in Java, of French and British parents, de la Valette lived there until he was 20. Fluently he speaks English, Dutch, Malay, French, German, and Swed ish. Of Danish. Norwegian, Spanish, Italian, Rumanian, Portuguese he has "a working knowledge." In World War I he did Intelligence work for the Allies, travelled throughput Germany as a "neutral" on a forged passport. Until the beginning of World War II, his biography in British Who's Who was unique, because it mentioned "Secret Service, 1915-19." The mention was deleted at his re quest — when in World War II he was recalled for Intelligence work. SP was back but folk were bored Today's Adelaide Office 6 After seven years, licensed "S.P." — with certain limitations — was back in South Australia. The Racing Control Board, with Government - approval, had given country people some betting facilities, and betting shops were open in Port Pirie, Quorn, and Peterborough on Saturday until 7 p.m. But in the shops for most of the day there weren't enough punters to make up a decent card game. Seats and radio se.ts were banned there, so punters made their 2/ or 5/ bets, then strolled off to the nearest pub to listen to the race broadcast. The general lack of excitement proved what many people had long been saying: South Australians had lost their keenness for off-the-course bets, didn't much care if there were betting shops or not. . One called It "a horrid symbol" # . Old-fashioned folk raised horrified eyebrows at this week's disclosure of the win ning design for a King George V memorial in Sydney: A 30-foot monolith, finished in red granite, with engravings representing aboriginal life. The designer, 38-year-old sculptor Lyndon Dadswell, raised his own eye brows— in gratified surprise. Confessed he: "I had hardly dared to hope that so unconventional an entry would win. "But I submitted my monolith de sign because I believed it appropriate. I was glad when the judges agreed." In 1939. when entries were first invited, they were limited to a statue of the late King in field-marshal's or admiral's uniform. But the contest was abandoned because of world War II and when it was revived at the beginning of this year, the type of memorial was left to the competitor, but the cost was required to be under £6000. Dadswell, chief teacher of sculpture at East Sydney Technical College, be gan to think about the design four - months ago. , He studied the chosen site in the Botanic Gardens (about 100 yards north of the Conservatorium) . de cided that the memorial would need to be tall and ought to fit in with the surroundings. Then he thought of the monolith, which would be tall, would arouse curiosity, and give scope for engrav ings. He built a small clay model, worked on it until the proportions satisfied him. Then he had an assistant build a 30-inch high copy, which he en graved and submitted. The day after the award announce ment. letters from angry correspon dents appeared in Sydney papers. Dadswell, unimpressed, rated most of the criticism as coming from people who had no idea what sculpture was and who had had no opportunity to judge what the monolith would look like in its surroundings. Typical jabs: "The horrid symbol would be more suitably placed in a savage village as a monument to a leading headhunter." "A monolith is quite unsuitable, apart from any artistic merit it may possess." In Dadswell's view, Sydney has enough conventional statues and memorials — most of them not de signed for their surroundings and having no part ili the city's layout. To him. the Archibald Memorial is "the only monument that contri- . butes to civic beauty." At week's end, with critics still sniping, Dadswell and his architect collaborator, Dr. H. Epstein, were go ing ahead with the arrangements to erect the monolith. It was easier to juggle millions Today's Sydney Office # The problems of a small shop at Sydney's Rose Bay pier weighed heavily this week on the broad shoulders of the Hon orable Lionel Laughton Hill. He hadn't run a shop before, was unused to rationing questions, to the 101 jobs to be done in a "mixed" business. It was much easier, he said with conviction, to run affairs of State. And Hill, 65, white-haired, and tall, should know: he had run affairs of State in a big way, as Labor Premier . for two terms of his native South Australia. Son of a SA farmer, he was 14 years State secretary of the Aus tralian Tramway Employees' Associa tion, 12 years Federal president of the association. First elected to the SA Parliament as member for Port Pirie in 1913, he held at various times four portfolios Treasury, Industry, Public Works, ... Education. His Premierships were iri 1926-27 and 1930-33. The last lap of the Hill journey to the Rose Bay mixed business was by way of London and Canberra. In 1933 Hill became SA's London Agent-General. He returned in 1935 to be Industrial Court Chairman in the Australian Capital Territory. Ruefully he cracked to a TODAY man: "I juggled millions in four State Budgets, and I find it hard to handle small change in the shop." I ALEXANDER I ... per boot | I DADSWELL I ... savage village. I 