FAMILY UNIT FAVOURED FOR MIGRATION SCHEME Report Finds Few War Orphans Offering The Commonwealth Government's proposed scheme to bring 50,000 children, particularly war orphans, to Australia over a period of three years is quite impracticable, because was orphan.?, are not available in any numbers for a scheme °f'hnlsrklnd¡ , ," The estimated £64,000,000 and £71,000,000 needed to cover the child migration scheme would be better employed in some other section of adult migration. The family unit is the best basis for migration when children are sought in the scheme. These are the opinions of the Commonwealth Immigration Advisory Committee headed by Mr. Haylen, M.P., in a report tabled in the House of Representatives yesterday cover- ing its investigations recently in England and on the Continent. The report recommended a vigorous national development plan to capture the imagination of prospective migrants. Members of the committee, com- ] prising Messrs. Haylen, Lawson, A. | E. Monk, R. A. King, O. D. A. Oberg and H. R. Wilkins, found a live in- j terest in Australia on the continent where migration clubs were a common sight. The report said that Governments generally were not in favour of any other nation handling the problem of their war orphans. The notable exception was 9,000 children in Nor- way, the "Hitler's children," who were the offspring of Norwegian mothers and German fathers. The committee felt a better plan in the avenues of child migration would be to encourage organisations already in existence which are handling child migration. 1 The survey did not embrace war orphans in former enemy countries nor did the committee consider it advisable that a costly migration scheme for these children was justified. The committee found the British Government, trades union leaders, industrialists and other authorities willing to co-operate on the question of migration to Australia of British ex-service personnel and civilians. The committee gave this pen picture of the migration position on the continent: SWITZERLAND Splendid prospects for young migrants both for rural and industrial callings, technicians for our industries, small manufacturers and-farm- ers for our land will be available from this country. i jOt i s BELGIUM No great flow of migrants is expected. Those likely would come from technical groups, glass and textile workers, mechanics and professional groups. HOLLAND . . This ' country' "with" Switzerland and Norway, appears to be numerically the strongest migration source in Europe. Government co-operation would be forthcoming and migrants would be agriculturalists and men and women from' industry.- Many farmers' sons with srrialincapital would come from Holland' since the devastation has ruined -so-much-ot their land. DENMARK ' ' This is not a great source of migration, but splendid types in all sections of farming and industry would come from Denmark. Boatbuilders and factory experts in dairying are interested. The Government is not sympathetic to migration but no re- strictive legislation is expected. NORWAY Many thousands of migrants, amounting to mass movement, are expected from this country. Every phase of industry, agriculture and commerce is represented, including builders, shipwrights, engineers and members of the men can tile marine. SWEDEN , . - I A limited number of migrants, amounting to some thousands, can be expected from Sweden. Many would pay their own fares and have sufficient income for 12 months after arrival in Australia. ?,-.-, ' FINLAND - of The Finns are anxious to migrate and it appears that shipbuilders, farmers, fishermen, timber-workers and others would come to Australia in considerable numbers. FRANCE Migrants would not reach any considerable numbers. The scheme is not favoured officially. France is inviting people into the country, and recently created a department for this purpose. The committee felt that as there- i gration plan extended, branch migration offices should be established in Switzerland, Holland. Norway and Denmark, with the Danish office cow. sang Sweden, Finland and the Baltic countries. The committee recommended: (1) Where free passage or assisted passage does not apply, a flat rate of £10 should be made for any selected migrant desiring to come to Australia. (2) Agreements similar to the agreement with Holland should be negotiated with European countries. Shortly before the war, the Commonwealth and Dutch Governments entered into an agreement whereby selected Dutch nationals were permitted to enter Australia for permanent residence on a substantially reduced landing money basis. (3) Landing money should be reduced to the minimum amount and eventually abolished, i (4) A U.N.O. sub-committee should be established to handle the future of displaced Europeans. (5) Marriage loans and their effect on the national birthrate should be investigated to lift the population level and keep a balance between the migrant and the native born. (6) Migrant clubs should be encouraged. I. (,7}-Publicity campaigns. rough. British organised industrial groups to bring Australian opportunities before British industrialists. (8) Double taxation should be eliminated and a reduction effected in general taxation, together with the removal of taxation anomalies to stimulate the flow of British capital here. (9) The Australian patents and trade marks law should be brought up-to-date. _ Stressing the need to avoid any migration delay, the committee said the free passage scheme for British ex-service personnel should be imple- mented as early as possible, and that the assisted passage scheme for other British migrants be undertaken soon after. , Dealing with the" rehabilitation of Australian service'' personnel, the committee states: "There must not only be work and houses for the people of Australia, but employment and shelter to spare if we are to attract and hold migrants. If we want them, we must do something vigorous about preparing to receive them. We can capture their imagination by full employment and vast ventures. Australia must approach this task in the tempo of the atomic age. Water conservation and irrigation schemes, soil conservation, reafforestation, fisheries development and completion of hydro-electric schemes should be treated as imaginative projects in which Australia invites the workers -of the world to, joined.. as I 