MISSING B For Keeps i Every year thousands of people are repórted missing by their relieved or sorrowing relatives. Some of them "go missing" on purpose. Some have no alternative, for they are efficiently disposed of by someone who wants their money, their wife, their husband,, or merely their life. The death in France last week of Leon Gaumont, one of the Hremch pioneers of the motion # picture industry, recalls the disappearance of another of the pioneers of the cinema—Augustin le Prince of Leeds, England. Towards the end of the last century, physicists, scientists, inventors and engineers in England on the Continent, and in the United States were all intrigued with the prospect of developing moving pictures. Many famous men ' were among the experimenters who, bit by bit, improved on the earliest inventions. One of them was the astromoner, Sir John Herschel, who invented the "Thaumatrope," a card with a dog drawn on one side and a kennel on the other. When the card was twirled on a string the dog appeared to be inside the kennel. That was one of the earliest attempts at moving pictures, but by 1889 many improvements had been made, and George Eastman had begun manufacturing photographic film on a nitro- cellulose base. THE DISAPPEARING INVENTOR Augustin le Prince was experimenting about the same time. Le Prince, w'ho haid been born in , Metz in 1842, married an English twife, and established a school of Applied Arts in Leeds. He had always been keenly interested in scientific experiments, and in 1886 he patented a multi-lens projector (which he called a "deliverer") and. at the same time invented a crude form of cinematograph for taking moving pictures on sensitised paper, using a gelatine foundation for his films instead of celluloid. By 1899 he had workd out the use of perforations on the sides of the film to regelate its speed through the "der liverer." Then Le Prince went to Paris —and mysteriously disappeared. Rumour, of course, ran wild, and his disappearance created something of a sensation in two •countries—but Augustin Le Prince •was never heard of again. His was one of the great inventive names in film development, and the present-day truimphs such as "Henry V" and "This Happy Breed" owe a great deal to this man who disappeared for keeps. EXPERIMENTS AGAINST FIRE A disappearing inventor was only one of the trials the 'motion picture industry had to contend with in the days of its infancy. International squabbles over patent rights and a fire in Paris •which caused the death of 180 people were two set-backs which gave the industry hard knocks. The fire, which broke out at the Bazaar de la Charite in 1797, was thought to have been caused directly by the motion picture machine. Among the 180 victims were 130 members of the nobility, and the career of the infant film industry was almost cut short for •ever by this fire. For years afterwards the hazard of fire was one of the greatest worries of both producers and •exhibitors, and constant research is still going on to make picture theatres absolutely fire proof. Fire authorities in many cities of the world, insurance companies' research officers and industrial chejnists have cSmibined forces to experiment in firerprgafing fabrics foWsafety curtains,/Spying safety 1Sit|i which wcffT^ jkm in a crisis andrntrfprov^fiafe,efficient At thetime of disappearance Police departriren&Sj; did not have the highly trained organisations behind themijUaat they have today. The tracin^bf^missing persons was a chancy bus^ iness, for inter-country communication was slow and gave anyone •wanting to disappear a sporting chance of succeeding. But even in recent years, when "all mod. cons" have been outstanding feature of Police ferganisations, hundreds of people have disappeared "for keeps" without leaving a trace. On of the most famous was Judge Joseph Crater, who disappeared on the evening of August 6, 1930, after dining in New York with another Judge and a roadway chorus girl. Ever since that night the Bureau of Missing Persons has kept a unrelenting search for the missing man. All sorts of conflicting rumours and "hunches" were followed up, with no definite result. But it was reported from' New York last week that circumstantial evidence gathered by the Police and by private investigators has added up to virtual proof of the judge's 'death, and though legal proof cannot be sustained, two insurance companies have arranged to pay the "judge's widow some £7000. It is now thought that the Judge, who was known to have been carrying about £2000 on him on the night of his disappearance, was murdered in a taxi after he left the restaurant with the Broadway chorus girl, pbssibly by gangster 'friejnds of heirs who later cremated his body in another State. VANISHING SHIPS An Australian Judge, Judge Gavin-Duffy, of Melbourne, lost his mother and his sister aboard a ship which disappeared—for keeps. This was the passengter steamer "Waratah," which disappeared just before World War I while on a trip between Melbourne and South Africa. For even these days, ships can, disappear "for keeps" without leaving any trace and in such a way that no explanation for their disappearance can ever be found. There was the five masted Danish training ship, "Koebenhavn," for instance, which sailed into oblivion in December 1928, with 50 young cadets amjong her crew. The Koebenhavn left Montevideo on December 14, 1928, for Fremantle to pick up a cargo of wheat—for she was one of the grain ships plying between Australia and the Continent. On December 20, she was "spoken" by the steamer William Blumber, and she was never seen again. Rescue ships searched for her all along her route, but she had disappeared ,as completely a,nd as mysteriously as the passengers and crew of the Marie Celeste. Some ships, of course "disappeared" to satisfy the greed of an unscrupulous captain or crew who had no idea but to collect insurance. Some of these ships were the infamous "coffin ships" which were deliberately sailed in an unseaworthy condition in the avowed but secret hope that they would founder. Whether or 1 not the unsuspecting passengers and the innocent members of the crew were drowned was immaterial. Mafny) immigrant ships carrying settlers to America were among the "coffin ships," and the lives of thousands of men, women and children were lost as the result of this murderous cupidity. 