Every year thousands of people are reported missing by their relieved or sorrowing relatives. Some of them "go missing" on purpose. Some have no alternative, for they are efficiently dis- posed of by someone who wants their money, their wife, their husband, or merely their life. The death in France recently of Leon Ernest Gaumont, one of the French pioneers of the motion picture industry, recalls the disappearance of another of the pioneers of the cinema-Augustin le Prince, of Leeds, England. Toward the end of the last century physicists, scientists, inventors and engineers in England, on the Continent, and in the United States were all in- trigued with the prospect of developing moving pictures. Many famous men were among the experimenters who, bit by bit, improved on the earliest inven- tions. One of them was the astronomer, Sir John Herschel who invented the "Thaumatrope," a card with a dog drawn on one side and a kennel on the other. When the card was twirled on a string the dog appeared to be inside the kennel. That was one of the earliest attempts at moving pictures, but by 1889 many improvements had been made, and George Eastman bad begun manufactur- ing photographic film on a nitro-cellu- lose base. THE DISAPPEARING INVENTOR. Augustin le Prince was experimentit about the same time. Le Prince, wi had been born in Metz in 1842, marri« an English wife, and established a Scho of Applied Arts in Leeds. He had alwa; been keenly interested in scientific e: periments, and in 1886 he patented multi-lens projector (which he called "deliverer") and at the same time b vented a crude form of cinematograi ! for taking moving pictures on sensitise ! paper, using a gelatine foundation fi his films instead of celluloid. By 18! he had worked out the use of perfcn tions on the sides of the nun to régulai its speed through the "deliverer." Then le Prince went to Paris-ar mysteriously disappeared. Rumour, of course, ran wild, and fa disappearance created something of sensation in two countries-but August! le Prince was never heard of again. His was one of the great Invent» names in film development and ti present-day triumphs such as "Hen V" and "This Happy Breed" owe a gr« deal to this man who disappeared-f< keeps. EXPERIMENTS AGAINST FIRE. A disappearing inventor was only or of the trials the motion picture industi had to contend with in the days ot i infancy. International squabbles ovt patent rights and a fire in Paris whic caused, the death of 180 people were ta set-backs which gave the industry btu knocks. The fire, which broke out at the Baa de la Charité in 1897. was thought I have been caused directly by the motto picture machine. Among the 180 vk time-were 130 members of the nobilit. and the care of the infant film industi was almost cut short for ever by th fire. For years afterwards the hasat of fire was one of the greatest worrie of both producers and exhibitors, an constant research is still going on I make picture theatres absolutely fin proof. Fire authorities in many cit« of the world, insurance companies'. rc search officers and industrial chemist have combined forces to experiment 1 fire- proofing fabrics for safety curtain evolving safety exits which will not jai in a crisis and in providing efficient fire fighting equipment. At the time of le Prince's disappear ance police departments"did not han the highly trained organisations benin them that they have to-day. The trac lng of missing persons was a . chane business, for inter-country communies tion was slow and gave anyone wantln to disappear a sporting chance cf sur ceeding. But even in recent years, whe: "all mod. cons" have been the out standing feature of police organisation! hundreds of people have disappear* "for keeps" without leaving a trace. " One of the most famous was Judg Joseph Crater, who disappeared on th evening of August 6, 1930, after dinini in New York with another judge and i Broadway chorus girl. Ever since that night the Bureau o Missing Perseus has kept up an unre lenting search of the missing man. Al sorts of conflicting rumours am "hunches" were followed up, with n definite result. But it was reporte from New York recently that circum stantlal evidence gathered by the polio and by private investigators has addei up to virtual proof of the judge's death and though legal proof cannot be sus talned. two insurance companies have arranged to pay the judge's widow somi £7000. It is now thought that the judge, whi was known to have been carrying abeu £2000 on him on the night of bis dis- appearance, was murdered in a tax after he left the restaurant with thc Broadway chorus girl, possibly by gang- ster friends of hers who later cremated his body in another State. VANISHING SHIPS. An Australian Judge, Judge Gavin Duffy, of Melbourne, lost his mother anti his sister aboard a ship which dis« appeared-for keeps. This was the pas- senger steamer Waratah, which .dis- appeared just before World War I while on a trip between Melbourne and Soutt Africa. For even these days, ships can dis- appear "for keeps" without leaving anj trace and in such a way that no explana- tion for their disappearance can ever be found. There was the five-masted Danish training ship, Koebenhavn, foi instance, which sailed into cbilivion in December, 1928, with 50 young cadets among her crew. The Koebenhavn left Montevideo on December 14, 1928, for Fremantle to pick up a cargo of wheat -for she was one ot the grain ships plying between Australia and the Con- tinent . On December 20, she wac "spoken" by the steamer William Blumer, and she was never seen again. Rescue ships searched for her all along her route, but she had disappeared as com- pletely and as mysteriously as the pas- sengers and crew of the Marie Celeste. Some ships, of course, "disappeared" to satisfy the greed of an unscrupulous captain or crew who bad no idea but to collect insurance. Some of these ships ' were the infamous "coffin ships," which i were deliberately sailed in an unsea- worthy condition in the avowed but secret hepe that they would founder. I Whether or not the unsuspecting pas i sengers and the innocent members of j the crew were drowned was immaterial. Many immigrant ships carrying settlers to America were among the "coffin j ships," and the lives of thousands of [men, women and children were lost as the result of this murderous cupidity. 