Cable News In Brief Australian Associated Press LONDON, March 28. Twenty territorial auxiliary air squadrons—some of which saw their first fighting in the Battle of Britain—will shortly be re-tormed to constitute Britain's first line of day and night fighter defences, and to maintain light bomber squadrons when the RAF Reserve is re- established. Japanese General Arrested Lt-Gen. *y|TrH?Mrhi Harada, former commander of the Japan ese 16th Army in Java, who is wanted by the British for the exe cution without trial of three Aus tralian fliers has been arrested and taken to Sugamo Prison, says the Toltio correspondent of Asso ciated Press of Great Britain. He will go to Singapore for trial Poles To Stay No request bad been made by any Polish soldiers in Italy for re patriation to Poland, following the publication of the message by the British Foreign Secretary (Mr. Bevln) says the Rome correspon dent of the Exchange Telegraph Agency. The percentage of Poles expected to return is officially stated to be very small Credit For Holland The Netherlands Finance Minis try announces that Holland has obtained a transitional credit from the United States Import and Ex iport Bank of £5.000,000. says a ! message from The Hague. Lend-lease White Paper Details of an all-embracing agreement between Britain and America finally settling lend-lease, reverse lend-lease, surplus property and mutual war claims, are con tained in a White Paper issued last night. The pact implements in full the provisions of the Anglo- American financial agreement last December, which wiped out mutual end-lease Indebtedness To Form Cabinet The Belgium Bee en t (Prince Chariest hss asked M van Acker. a former Prime Minister, to form a Government, says a Brussels message. U.S.-French Air Agreement America and France have signed an air agreement giving America access to airfields at Paris, Mar seilles. Algiers, Tunis, and at other points in French tenltory "as re quired," says a Paris message. In return, the French win be able to operate services to New York, Washington, Chicago and Boston. Chess Champion Suffocates An official autopsy revealed that Dr. Alekhine, world chess cham pion, who was reported to have committed suicide over a game of chess in Lisbon, choked to death in his hotel bedroom, says a Usbon message. Intimate mends said that Dr. Aipirhin.. never used a knife and fork, and was discovered with three Inches of beefsteak lodged in his throat, and clutching the remainder of the steak In his right hand. More Immigrants Intercepted A ship carrying 736 Illegal Jew ish immigrants to Palestine was intercepted by a British destroyer outside Palestine territorial waters last night and escorted to Haifa, says Renter's Jerusalem correspon dent. The ship was first spotted by an RAF reconnaissance plane. Mr. Beaslev Entertains The Australian Minister In Lon don <Mr. Beasley) gave a reception on Wednesday at his official resi dence. Guests included the Prime Minister (Mr. Attlee), the Domi nions Secretary (Lord Addison) and other British Ministers, the new British High Commissioner to Australia (Mr. E. J. Williams), State Agents- General, and many prominent Australian officials and residents. Faroe Islands The Faroe Islands are to con tinue as part of the Danish realm, but they will have their own flag and will be guaranteed representa tion in the Danish Parliament by two members, says Reuters Copen hagen correspondent. The Faroes' cultural autonomy" will be exten ded Film Deal In N.Z. The Rank organisation in London has confirmed a report that it has! purchased a half share in Newj Zealand's biggest circuit. Kerridge Cinemas, which was recently de-! nied in Wellington, says the 'Dailyl Telegraph." Mr. Rank's represen-1 tatives are Joining the board, but no other change in management is I contemplated. I Wool Meeting Representatives of countries forming the greatest potential market for Australia and New Zea land's stockpile of wool will be in London from April 1. when the In-; teroational Wool Textile Associa tion meets again after a lapse of nearly six years. Typhus In Japan NEW YORK, March 27.—The Kyodo Newsagency reports that there have been more than 20,000 cases of eruptive typhus and small pox in Japan, chiefly hi the ToHo, Osaka. Kobe and Kyoto areas, says the Toklo correspondent of Asso ciated Press of America. Crime Record Of C.S. Troops The crime record of American forces in Europe was "exceedingly creditable, only one-half of 1 px," declared Gen. McNeill on his ar rival from Europe today. Convic tions among four minion Ameri can troops in more than three years' service abroad were:—Mur der, 306; rape, 461: assault with attempt to rape. 294. Ban As Index Ears, not years, were a true index to a man's affection, said Gretcben Richardson, a Hollywood sculp tress, today. Men whose ears were pointed and close to the head were "exciting.'' while those with thick ened, bulbous ears were usually "fuddy-duddies, with a lack of im agination in romance." Natural Robber Golf Bans Dunlops expect that natural rubber golf balls will be available to the public in limited supply In May or June, says the Buffalo cor respondent of Associated Press of America. Rowdy Union Election It is reported from Atlantic City bj Associated Press of America that Mr. Walter Reuther defeated Mr. R. J. Thomas for the presi dency of the United Automobile Workers' Union in an election which was interrupted by fist fichts, hooting and other demonstrations.l The union recently finished the longest strike in automotive his tory. Be ready for Classified advertis ing changes, see column S, back1 page, today. 