Look to Holland British Most Desirable Some new aspects on the ques tion of immigrants for Australia were brought to light by Aid P. D. Kelly, in a talk to the Kotary Club on tills important national ques tion. Amongst them was his: ex amination of possible fields from which immigrants could be drawn. For instance lie mentioned Hol land, which, he considered a good source for migrants. Holland, he explained, had; been, ; starved,' beaten, bombed ,. and betrayed. Many Dutchmen were looking 'for a home anywhere. Large areas of their land .had been; put out of production. : Of their nine: million population one-third'were- agricul turists. Many farmers' sons; were now .deprived of. land," and they had some money. Many were able to speak English. The Dutch boy could learn to speak English in 3 months. The Dutch Government was prepared to co-operati in, a migration scheme, and Australia should welcome them. ' The Swiss made a. good immi grant, he continued. English was a; compulsory subject - in their schools. .. They .were Intelligent, industrious, polite- and'keen, and .were . well educated. The- poor' mountain-farmer type .was thrifty and hard-working. :• They--produc- i ed' big -families and were, intensive i farmers. . 1 The youth of. Switzerland were eager to migrate but; their Gov ernment might not lavour the mi gration of., its potential -soldiery The Swiss -Government was averse to the migration ..of its industries particularly the watch-making in dustry,- which it guarded carefully from migrating to America or Bri tain. -However, as far as the Swiss people were concerned, the high shipping rates to Australia nnd high .landing-, money were ob stacles.. •• The British .were the most de sirable and; most promising from our point of view. Referring to the proposal for the migration ol British war orphans—to the extent of 50,030 annually—Aid Kelly said this scheme lia'd met! with strong opposition m Britain.. The Britisher was antagonistic to the suggestion that British chil dren should be '.sent 'to Australia to be brought up in Government Institutions. For .sentimental trea sons alone the British people pre ferred to look * after- their own orphans., " #The propounders of ,thls scheme, did not count upon. the pride of 'the British pgople when v. the. scheme' wak - formulated • r by the Commonwealth ri Government In Canberra!. •' " .: , The ' British 'Government and the Press were in accord with the principle of migration within the Empire; but they would probably b£' non-co-operative if .'Australia asked rfor key men. ; Sources ' of supply 'of .migrants were:!-'T: Servicemen and-women; 2; people with relatives- already ■ in Australia;''' y3.''r'war-wdrkers- and technicians; -' .- 4;- Britishers' with I money, of whoiii there were many] desirous of coming to Australia, but shipping was their big pro-1 blem; -'I The Commonwealth Govern ment and the British Government had signed an agreement in March last covering assistance ■ to pill grants. Under-the scheme ser vicemen and women under certain conditions would'" be given free, passages' - ' and ' children '■ • assisted passages,, butthe-schemehad: not yet ;ccihe"''into operation. nor had, any date been fixedly : Assisted or ' free passages had not 'been offeredto nationals of any, other countries. -;; Aid' Kelly classed ' this as v • a mistake,' con tending'that if- this country want ed tpopulation it'- had to be iprepar-. ed! to pay for it;, ... r,-. /..I,: •' In the early•ydays : Canada', •; > he stated, not' only.-paid''passages of. immigrants,- but, guaranteed them farms; and carried out. improve ments upon them in readiness lor the immigrant. , Reverting to the British, scheme he said-.that there had been thous ands of ^inquiries but shipping be ing in such short supply had .prov ed a hindrance. Reviewing, the' prospects of ob taining migrants from other coun tries, he said that the Belgian was not and- never had,, been good ma terial for colonisation. In any case he was busy on reconstruc •'tiw-jan^-wiaiS^noi' encouraged by his Government to migrate. ; ' Denmark: The- Dane: was a highly desirable immigrant, but the^ Danish 'Government was not, desirous of- mass: migration, ; and I Aid -Kelly considered it j won .d, do little to assist. '. ... Norway: The, official. ; Govern-; mentiattltude 'in that country was to discourage 'migration, .even to the poinCof Prohibition, although the people themselves "favoured it( enthusiastically. .However, many' would doubtlessly migrate,- (and shipbuilders";'"timber ' workers atid' experts in (forestry'-'would seek theirf chance; here.3.' ■' ' :'j% Sweden: It - would probably 'provide3 only a limited-number of migrants.'' Many' could fpay<their' own fares but the Swedish Gov ernment' did not want'its nationals1 to leave the; country. There was a shortage of skilled, labour there: However,. there were many young engineers there who were dissatis fied with' their rate of promotion and some no doubt would find a way, despite: their „Government, of leaving the country. Prance: At present the French were net' interested in' migration. There, was (an acute shortage of labour ..for reconstructon and the Socialist .newspapers -.were antago nistic.:;; -The, decline ( of .-the birth rate in,-France had made, it; neces sary: ito.Jmport -foreign .elerpgrits. .• ..■Southern-Huropaahs ^weifts0,011".' sidered'.by some as mot a desirable class And on . the . whole; were ,.un-. welcome. .. . . . ■■(.•;■ Al'd. Kelly .gaye figures .to,,show. Australia's.. huge. . national - debt, and- explained, .that , the-.Kiore. people- the .country had ,to,( share , the (burden,: the' lighter ' would it. f^ll. on the individual. . , . Workers had to. be brought into the country,, and if possible these, should be agriculturalists. There was room for more millions,, but not a hundred million' as some people believed. He considered the country could carry up to 20 mil lion more people on the coastal lands, where the climate, and rain fall, we're, suitable , for the white race to live a healthy and happy life. Australia, in his opinion, could never hope to. become a USA or even a Canada. This was because the physical features of this continent did not compare with those countries.^ There they,had inland .lakes and ever-flowing rivers to.' feed their commerce. They had a better distribution; of rainfall, and winter, snows to fal low the land and, melt. In the spring to feed slimmer crops. Setting out his conclusions, he said that the expansion' of sec ondary industries in Australia was desirable but there were many factors operating against such de velopment.- Amongst them were the hieh cost of production and the. 40-hour week, as well as short age of machinery. Exports would be limited, but there was still room for expansion to make Aus tralia self- sufficient in manufac tured goods. In his opinion Australia was destined to be a food producer •viore th«n a" exnorter.of.second ary goods. We had to have' the peoplo to produce the food, and 10 build up a home market for consumers within the Common wealth. Our rate of production was Insufficient to hold this con tinent, nor was It capable of de veloping Its natural resources. 