ifcfcmJtor. «j.-V -£=* I 5y Parmbx.)- v^~*y „? ~ - jlTAJOR-GENERAL L. C. Dun ?r sterville, the original of Kip- I ling's 'Stalky,' and a romantic figure in the First World War, has died in comparative obscurity in Torquoy, it is reported from London today. The gallant old soldier had led a full life. He had achieved high qis.uncuon m inn service ui nib country. And, more lasting than any military 'honor, he had been, enshrined in a popular classic written' by \ his famous- friend, Eudyard Kipling. What more, \ from a public viewpoint, could: ?any. man desire? : j The, only public appearances of the veteran soldier in recent years (he was 80 when he died) were at meeitings of one Kipling society or another. He was the hit of the evening at these gatherings, where hei used to tell quaint, taicis ui iuj aim i^jpuiig o i boyhood at 'Westward Ho' — the United Services' College. .*. ♦ . *. AS every reader of 'Stalky and x*- Co.' knows, Dunsterville (Stalky), Kipling (Beetlei), and G. C. Bea-esfprd (McTurk) were a highly enterprising , trio at 'Westward' Ho' when they were youths, 60 to 70 years ago. 'Dunster' unblushingly ad mitted to a Kipling society the truth' of the tale regarding thej delicate small bpy who had beerij ordered a bottle or stout nightly, for .the good of his health. That youngsteir detested stout, so Stalky, j then, as ever, prepared to act inj a spirit of lofty altruism, drank it ? for him.1 . j History doesn't relate what be- : came of the lad with the delicate ail, dug ioruneu uy uue £-uuuij, Stalky grew up to lead soldiers, to writa books, and to entertain ambassadors. , ' . ' * * ?*- T^HE active, soldierly career ? ? began when Stalky— officially Lionei Charles Dunsterville— was in his thirties. He served first in Waziristan, later on the North West Frontier of India, latnc- again in China, incidentally collecting various medals. But his chief military work was done against the Turks in the First World War. ? i In spite of his age (then past 50), Dunsterville organised and led a force that did remarkable work early in 1918 in checking Turkish-German penetration in the valuable oil regions of tha Southern Caucasus, Baku, and the Caspian Sea., . Postwar, 'Stalky' settled down, in a retirement uiat was aouna antly earned, to amuse himself with the writing of reminiscences. He began with the book relating to the Eaku campaign, and then published three 'Stalky' books, the last one, .appropriately, being 'Stalky Settles Down.' * ?*? . * nnHE UNO Security. Council began its sessions yesterday in spacios Hunter College in tliei Dronx— New York ' City's third Borough. But for all its newly found dignity th Bronx is little, known outside U.S^A. and, indeed, outside New York. Dorothy Parke, the witty authoress, once said what- was considered the last word on the Bronx: 'The Bronx? No, thonx!' :' Nevertheless,, residents of ilia Dronx, despite' some local opposi tion, are .inordinately proud of the ?fact that their city will be . tlv/i world's capital for. the time being, but they are equally ashamed chat :the city's present fame rests on shabby foundations. ' ?' ''. : A. iSt ojg npHE Bronx, according to John Gannon, s1'.1 iretary. of -iljie Bronx Chamber of Commerce, ' is known as : the : 'borough of uni versities.' It. . has two, universities — Fordham and New. York— arid five, colleges! Its cultural institu-. tions are,. also taken to. include. the Yankee Stadium — the huge out door arena where the LouisrCorin heivy weight championship fight will take place in July. -. More' than 70 per cent of th.2 borough's residences are apart ments, and the Bronx has one cf the largest Jewish communities in U.S.A. More than 30 per cent of its. population is Jewish. It has two daily . Yiddish papers, and \ many movie placards are printed ( in Yiddish.' The borough gets its name from the first settler, Jonas Bronck, a Danish immigrant, who took up land there in 1639. v _- . ?? * , ♦. ?* l^IGHTY- TWO-YEARI-OLD Vis count Cecil of Chelwood has pieniy 01 KinjuLuagciiiciiu uuwaiu. an. active old. age in the House, of Lords. ..There are J193 of the prei- ? sent peers over 70,' 5,0 of them; are over 80,,- and, four are magnificent veterans oveir 90. Daddy of them all is Lord Hayter, who was bom in 1848, the year of the. first Com munist revolution in Europe. He started off his career, as George Chubb, locksmith. .Now with his safes famous all oven' the world he. still directs his firm. I' ? ' * * * !T^TT?TiTPT.Ar!Trs p-ns-st.nvps and ? electric heaters will be elimin ated in tomorrow's house. Science intends to replace cumbta-some, unrelated units with single-power source, which will provide energy for cooking, heat ing, refrigeration, and aircondi tioning. Eventually all these facilities will be made available! i to entire cities from community \ atomic-energy plants. They; will ! monnfnft.nTfi filRfitrieitV at SUC.h a negligible cost that every home convenience will come from push ing a buton. ? . ! But there is admittedly a long, rocky road ahead before atomic power houses replace the, costly hydro-electric stations, steamtur bine plants, and gasworks which at present are. supplying the world with concentrated energy. Meanwhile, American research workers have come forward with a radical new discovery called 'liquid^ heat.f ..which promises to revolutionise the modern home. ' It is a liquid chemical, capablei of transporting heat at temperatures hitherto considered fantastic. Scientifically designated 'tetra- cresyl silicate,' the chemical will { not vaporisoi until it reaches 817 deg. Fahrenheit, which is .almost four times . the temperature ;.- at which water turns .to steam. . Moreover,, it is perfectly safe, because it can convey terrific heat through pipes without high pressure, such as is created by superheated steam. * *. &. npHE American War 'Wives' Association wants the tradi tional figure of Uncle Sam to lose his beard. They consider he 'has a ouch of the vaudeville about nun, and should oe clean shaven: In addition, he should have Mr Stettinius's white hair, General Eisenhower's strong smile, Mr Bernard Baruch's 'go-getter chin,' and novelist Booth Tark ington's forehead. - * * * TT was in one of those little || shops in Singapore. ? 'The tuan has selected the finest piece of silk in my humble J/ljb shop,' remarked the proprietor ljj|H with an ingratiating, approving IHf smile on his face and two hands. 'Just to show I like to do busi ness with a man of such pood , taste, and an Australian at that. I lrfake a special offer. I won't ask a hundred Straits dollars, I won't ask eighty, I won't even ask sixty-. To you, a discerning cus tomer, my price is 55 dollars.' gte^ 'George,' said the Diger, 'I |flK| wouldn't give you 55 dollars and ^Jjp I wouldn't give you 45 dollars. My ^: offer is 20 dollars.' 'Sold,' responded the Oriental ^ philanthropist. ' 'That's the way w I iike to do busincGS. No chisel ling.' . ..,.,:.... . ?& * -?- QMITHSJRS (showing photo to boss) : This is my little chap, Sir— only 17.. months old and he's * been, walking for nearly nine ?months. . ? ^.v, Eoss: Really? Don't you think W-' it's about time-- he sat down? 