NATION NEEDS MIGRATION PLAN ; : : : ; Facilities In London Poor; Orphans Proposal Opposed CANBERRA, Friday.— Lack of an Austra lian plan for British migrants is criticised in a report tabled in the House of Representatives today The report says that there are many first class intending migrants in Britain, but that facilities for dealing with their applications at Australia House are inadequate A Common wealth scheme to bring 50,000 children, particularly war orphans, to Australia is described as impracticable. The report was made by the Commonwealth Migration Ad visory Committee. The committee's eight members studied social and migration, problems in Europe and the United Kingdom after attending the International Labor Office conference in Paris late last year. In its report the committee suggested that £64,000,000 to £71,000,000, needed for the Commonwealth chi'd migration scheme, would be better employed on adult iriigration. Only small numbers of children were available, except in Norway. Most Governments preferred to handle their own war orphan problem. The report recommended encour agement of existing organisations interested in child migration. "The committee feels impelled to state that the manner of eventual selec tion of British migrants by Australia is by no means perfect," the report said. "While the migration office at Aus tralia House has struggled valiantly with the flood of applications and interviews, it is naturally frustrated by the lack of a plan for migration. "It is merely a holding and record ing office until the plan emerges." Prospects In Eu rope The report gives this summary of the possibilities in other European countries: — Switzerland: Splendid prospects of young migrants both for rural an,d in dustrial callings. Belgium: No great flow Of migrants expected. Most of those available were glass-workers, textile-workers, mechan ics, and professional men. Denmark: No great source of migra tion, but splendid types would come from all sections of farming and in dustry. The Danish Government was not sympathetic, but no restrictive legislation was expected. Sweden: Limited number, amount ing to some thousands, could be ex pected. Many could pay their own fares and have sufficient . income for 12 months after arrival. Finland: Finns were anxious to migrate and would come to Australia in considerable numbers. France: Migrants would not reach considerable numbers. France was in viting people into the country, and. re- cently created a Department for this purpose. Holland and Switzerland, with Nor way, appeared to be numerically the strongest migration sources. Migrants would be agricultural work ers and men and women from secon dary industry. Governments would, co-operate. Many thousands of Norwegian mi grants, amounting to a mass move ment, were expected from every phase of industry, agriculture, and commerce. "Children born of Norwegian mothers and German fathers during the . war constitute the greatest problem with which Norway has to deal," the report says. "There are more than 9000 children in Norway aged between four years and nine months, who are known through out Norway as Hitler's children. "German records in the social wel fare centre at Oslo show that the Germans encouraged couples to have children out of wedlock. Mass-Rape 1st Norway "They believed, in the. thpory that the first child of passion was a better fighter and hater than the child borp of a normal marriage. "Translations included the statement that the Norwegian children would provide 30 divisions eventually for the protection of Germany's living space in Norway. "Most of the babies were born in the far north of Norway, where Germans were stationed for four years. "The German boys were billeted in farm houses in close proximity to the girls, and in. many cases from the outset they shared rooms. "The outcome was inevitable. De spite the protests of the parents and the brothers of., the girls, this mass- rape went on; "Protesting brothers and fathers were sent away as slave laborers, while others were shot. The girls were aged from .15 to 2(5 at the most." Recommendations in the report in clude: A national publicity campaign to educate Australians out of their isola tionist attitude to immigrants. "The committee is convinced that the greatest danger to successful settle ment of migrants in Australia is a ten dency for them to group together in national units," the report says. "This can be overcome if the new ar rivals are greeted as Australians. "They should be made welcome, not driven in upon themselves by such epithets as Pommy. Scowegian, and Reffo." O Where free or assisted passages did not apply, a flat rate of £10 should be made for selected migrants. Landing money should be reduced to a mini mum. and eventually abolished The Commonwealth should ask the United, Nations to establish a migra tion sub- committee to consider the future of displaced persons. O Encouragement of migrant clubs, such as those of Amsterdam, Copen hagen, Oslo, and Stockholm! a A campaign to attract new indus tries to Australia. ar An overseas publicity campaign out lining reasons for the delay in in augurating a comprehensive migra tion scheme, and the benefits of set tlement in Australia.' 