The Bronx is more than a rude noise and a drink From THEO MOODY TEW YORK, Thursday.— 1 1 The wisecracking author ess, Dorothy Parker, once said what was considered the last word on the Bronx, New York City's third borough: "The Bronx? No, thonx!" Dorothy Parker, or course, couldn't have known then that the Bronx, as the temporary headquarters , of the United Nations Organisation from next Monday, would one day he the capital of the world. The Bronx, for all Its newly-found importance and dignity, is little known outside America, indeed, outside New York. Sophisticated Manhattanites speak of the borough north across the Har lem River with faint amusement. Australians know of it because the Bronx has given its name to a univer sal but vulgar method of expressing derision with the mouth — the Bronx cheer or raspberry. Drinking people know of it because of the Bronx cocktail, a devastating concoction of gin, vermouth, and orange- juice that oddly enough isn't drunk in the Bronx. Bronxites, who, despite some local opposition (girl students of the Bronx's Hunter College voted against U.N.O. headquarters being located at the college) are inordinately proud of the fact that their city will be the world's capital for the next five years, are equally ashamed that the city's present fame1 outside rests on the shabby foundation of the cocktail and „ the raspberry. w f HEN I saw John Gannon, secretary of the Bronx Chamber of Commerce today, he was gloomily reading a New York Times Magazine article on the Bronx which he seemed to think dwelt too long on the cock- I tail and the Bronx cheer theme, J Those were vulgar details, he said, and didn't give. the truth about the Bronx. The fact was that the Bronx was the cultural' centre of New York. Mr. Gannon pointed out that the Bronx was known as "The Borough of Universities." It has two universities — Fordham and New York University — and five colleges, including spacious Hunter College, where the U.N.O. Security Council will begin its sessions on Monday. Its cultural institutions are also taken to include the Yankee Stadium, the huge outdoor arena where the Louis-Conn heavyweight champion ship fight is being staged in July. Incidentally, the locals claim that although the Bronx cheer was first heard in the Yankee Stadium, it had its origin elsewhere. The borough's democratic president, James J. Lyons, told the New York Times: "Some visitors from distant places came to the Yankee Stadium to see our champions. They apparently be came so exuberated by our salubrious climate that they gave vent to their emotions with an uncouth sound." The Bronx is very proud of its 233 churches, and the fact that more than one- sixth of its total area of 25,500 acres is devoted to parks. Bronxites, although citizens of New York City, prefer to speak of. their borough as the sixth city of America. They claim its population of 1,600,000 gives it this position after New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, and Los Angeles. But the fact is the borough de pends on, and is part of, New York. More than 400,000 Bronxites come daily to Manhattan to work, a fact which has led to the Bronx often being described as the "bedroom of. Manhattan.'' A Bronxites are apartment dwellers. More than 70 per cent, of the bor ough's residences are apartments. One big Bronx housing project has a community block of 12,200 apart ments spread over 129 acres. It houses 50,000 people. The Bronx has one of the largest Jewish communities In America. More than 30 per cent, of the borough's population is Jewish, a fact which seems to annoy some of the local unenlightened. Kingsbridge Station, which is the closest subway station to U.N.O. Head quarters, is liberally scrawled with the slogan, "Kill the Kikes (Jews)." The borough has two daily Yiddish newspapers, and many movie theatre placards printed in Yiddish. The Bronx was also the home for a time of Edgar Allen Poe and local . businessmen have , named a beauty parlor, garage, and tavern after him. T JL HE borough gets its name from the first settler. Jonas Bronck, a Danish immigrant who took up land north of the Harlem River in 1639 before the English took over New York. Bronxites have one affinity with Australians— they are great horse- racing fans. An early Bronxite was one of the first to import blood horses. One of the borough's most famous tracks — Jerome Park — was named after Leonard Jerome, Bronxite, who Was the maternal grandfather of Winston Churchill. There may not be any significance in it, but the UJN.O. Security Coun cil will meet in the gymnasium of the Bronx's Hunter College. Gangs of workers are rushing the job of clearing away parallel bars, weight scales, rowing machines, and other gym. paraphernalia to make way for the desks, filing cabinets, and . complex telephone equipment neces sary for a Council session. The biggest job is the reconversion of the main gymnasium room of 80 x 100 feet.' A false ceiling is being fitted to aid acoustics, a dais constructed for delegates, galleries, for visitors and the Press, and sound-proof booths for radio and newsreel men. Technicians are installing an elaborate system of microphones and amplifiers. Delegates and their in terpreters will sit around an elliptical table built on the dais. 