NEW ICELANDIC REPUBLIC , t .,s, ? ... /, ? -' ...... ? ? ?. . ¿ . . -. Displays Sturdy Independence \- ' . (By a Special Correspondent.) - / :'. ' Recently the'Prime Minister of Iceland, Mr. Ola fur Trjon, brought the island republic into die inter« national news spotlight by declaring that Iceland could not grant a request by the United States for military bases. It. is le« than two years since Ice- land, became an independent republic, finally severing the island's association with Denmark-an association which had lasted more than five and a.half centuries. In rejecting the American request for bases, the Prime Minister safd that although U.S.A. was1 the first nation to recognise the Icelanders' right to re-establish their republic and therefore entitled to the best that Ice- land could give, Iceland- could not say yes, when the U.S. asked'for something Iceland could not grant anyone. Lead- ers of other political parties expressed agreement. v It wa? in June, 1944, that Iceland's link with Denmark was broken. The declaration followed a résolution car- ried by Iceland's 1016-year-old Althing early in 1941. STRATEGIC POSITION. Lying close to sqme of the principal convoy routes of war, Iceland occupies a position of great strategic significance in' the far reaches of the North At- lantic. It is certain to maintain its importance with the establishment of peace-time trans-Atlantic air routes. It is because of these considerations that bases in Iceland would be an im- mensely valuable acquisition. Ä volcanic island, Iceland has an area of about 40,500 square miles. Its population is about 125,000, of whom one-third live in the capital, Reykjavik. Political independence has been achieved by successive stages. After World War I a Federal Constitution was drawn up and accepted by Denmark and Iceland, under which they were independent States united under the same sovereign, and with foreign af- fairs and defence matters under Den- mark's control. Following the German invasion of Denmark in April, 1940, the Icelandic Government was tempor- arily invested with the royal power by resolution of the Althing. A year later the resolution to sever the. union waa carried, and a Regent elected to serve until the union was formally dissolved. Lying just south of the Arctic Circle, Iceland is a -weather-carved plateau culminating in an ice-capped watershed covering 5000 - square miles and con- taining 120 glaciers. There are well over 100 volcanic peaks of which more than 25 have recorded eruptions. " Although the climate is,comparative!) mild for the latitudes in which Ice land, is situated, the only habitable areas are the valleys and - lowlands which represent one-fourth of th« total area. Large areas were covered-with lave flows and volcanic ash in 1783, whet a chain of craters on Mt. Laid erupted The bulk of the island's livestock wai destroyed and great areas of land wen devastated. This, together with re suiting famine and epidemics, killel nearly one-fourth of the populatior Earthquakes have been frequent. Ho springs occur, and geysers, from whicl water and mud are hurled high in th air at regular intervals,' were fir! known in Iceland. Other unusus phenomena of this strange land indud sandy deserts, glacial lakes, bogs an quicksands, as well as waterfalls an enormous glaciers. Trees are limited to a very stunte type of birch. Heath and bilberr cover large stretches, and durang th brief summer, r bright-flowered/roc plants provide a touch of, colour. Man mosses are found, and large herds c reindeer feed on some of these. Th reindeer were introduced to Icelan more than a century and a half agi Many species of birds frequent Icelani but the most notable are the wildfov and the eider duck. SEALS AND WHALES. The seas abound in seals and whale and white cod and trout are plentitu in the past- 50 years or so tnere 'hi been rapid, development of the fis! eries, and fishing is the island's mai industry. The warm current known « the North American Drift modifies ti severity of the climate in the sout where the rainfall is heavy. The no them areas are.drier and colder, at the cold Greenland current frequent blockades the coast with ice-packs du ing the summer. Agriculture is carried on chief around Reykjavik, in the south-wei Here on the longest day there are ! hours of sunshine, and on the shortei four hours. Potatoes, hay, and tur ips are practically the only crops ct tivated. Grasses provide pasturage f sheep, cattle, coats and shaggy Uti Iceland ponies. Farmsteads are most scattered, but to-day telegraph, tel phone and postal services as well roads connect them. It is believed that Irish monks we the first to visit Iceland. They sett! there before the beginning of the hin century, but left after Norsemen car about 870 A.D. Sailing, sturdy Viki ships, these Norsemen had refused submit to Harold F air hair, who h risen from a petty chieftain to becoi first king to establish sovereignty ov all Norway. With some Scottish a Irish immigrants, these hardy sett« created independent settlements what they called "Snowland." It was in 930 that? a general ¡ sembly, the Althing was established Thingvellir. Later a supreme cot was also set up in conection with th the oldest popular assembly in. Eur di Local feuds continued among t settlers, however. As a result of o of thèse feuds, Eric the Red fitted c an expedition about 980 and went seek out land which had been. i ported further west. The discovery Greenland followed, and after spés -ing three years exploring the southe and western coasts. Eric returned lead a colonising expedition to . t new land, which" he called "Grce land" in order to attract "settlers; A settlement was established a contact was maintained with leela and Eurone for four or .five centurii after which the settlement was f< gotten and its people died but. CHRISTIANITY COMES. About the year 1000 Christianity w introduced into Iceland' by the N< wegian Kings, who, with the assistai] of the Archbishop of Nidaros, head the Church in Iceland, subjugated t island'in 1261. The 12th. and* 13 centuries marked the "Golden Age" Icelandic literature. In 1380, 1 colony passed with Norway um Danish rule, and it remained w Denmark when Norway broke away 1813; I In' the 14th. and 15th. centuries .1 j generally disturbed condition of Eure was reflected in Iceland, while lo disasters, including epidemics I earthquakes, brought a decliné in P gress. Economic conditions beca crippling, and the Danish trade moi poly led to smuggling and friction. In the 16th century the conversion iceland to the Lutheran faith by Danish King introduced a period literary activity. But the island ^ neglected by Copenhagen-except the exacting of revenues-and 1 land! became a prey to pirates. Despite all the handicaps of an productive land, the Icelanders an hardy and progressive people. E cational standards are high, and 1 said! that more books are sold in [ portion to the population than- in, European country. Democracy ha Teairmeanlng for the sturdy Iceland andj women's suffrage has been force for many years. The 1919, Peace Treaty proclaimed the permanent neutrality of Iceland. When World War II broke out, Ice- land was in danger of becoming a vic- tim of German aggression, and in May, 1940\. after Denmark and Norway had been invaded, Great Britain declared Iceland to be under British protection. Military forces were landed to safe- guard the base. After a formal protest, the Althing accepted assurances that Britain had no intention of interfering in the island's internal affairs or of main- taining occupation after the .war. In 1941, the U.S.A. took over the gar- risoning of the island, and'Iceland be- came an important base for air and sea patrols against German submarines and raiders. Meanwhile the Althing had declared that the Iceland Cabinet possessed the prerogatives of the King, and it electee! Mr. Sven Bjornsson as' Regent, a position he held until he became Iceland's first President in June, 1944. TRADE TROUBLE. During the war years economic troubles caused by the loss of most of Iceland's normal markets, became ap- parent. The bulk of trading was done with Denmark, which was cut off after 1940: many of the fishing grounds were sown with mines, -and the arrival of large garrison forces caused further dislocation. The position improved when the United States made goods available under lend- lease, and at the same time bought the exportable sur- plus of fish. Political, economic and strategic considerations tend to draw Iceland closer to the United States, -but the Statesmen of the tiny new republic are displaying sturdy independence. It has been revealed officially that when an American note in October last asked if conversations could begin for the lease of three specific bases, no promise was-given, despite the reiter- ation of the U.S. offer, made during the preliminary San Francisco Confer- ence, to support Iceland's aDplication for membership of the United Nations. 