FACTS AND FANCY ABOUT MIGRATION Our chance is now — > not in 1948 or 1950 "SMITH'S" said that the time to attract the best type of migrant was now, and went on to suggest that we could avert the mistakes of a generation ago by opening our doqrs, jpreitsi amy iu men anu women ready to take risks and stand on their own feet. Here are two significant ex tracts from the report signed by Messrs. Haylen and . Lawson, MHR's and Messrs. A. E. Monk, R, . A. King, O. D. Obery and P. R. Wilkins: "It was pointed out (by leading industrialists in England) that, having made the decision to migrate, people may not be wil ling to wait for the necessary RECENT tabling in Federal Parliament of the Common wealth Immigration Ad visory Committee's report was received rapturously by uncritical politicians and careless newspapers. Published snippets from the report suggested that very soon an unending flow of migrants would be pouring into Australia. Immigration Minister Calwell, had lent color to his false picture by talking airily of a ceiling of 70,000 a year. Analytical study of the Advisory Committee's report pre sents a very different picture. Indeed, most of the con clusions and recommendations substantially endorse what "Smith's" said in the article, "We Don't Want Coddled Migrants" (6/4/46). period until Australia can take them as immigrants, and they may decide upon Canada, Rho desia, South Africa, or some other part of the Empire as their future country . . ." "The longer the delay, the greater number o f would -be migrants will have become reconciled to remaining i n England or will have decided to emigrate to other countries . . Delays are imposed by our own Gpvernment's ' determination to stabilise the home economic front before encouraging large- scale immigration, by the British Government's determination to get the best possible deal for its own intending migrants— and by the equally strong resolve .of many other Governments to dis courage immigration. We talk largely about welconir ing hordes of Scandinavians; and it is true that there is consider able interest in Australia in -those countries. But what, actually, did the . Immigration Committee discover? 'Denmark : . "The Government is not sympathetic to migration. It has done much for the worker and expects him to remain in his homeland." Norway: "The official and Government attitude is to dis courage migration, even' " to the point of prohibition, which would be done with reluctance, if key personnel desired to go overseas in any great numbers." Sweden: "Sweden . . . already has almost full-time employment. In addition, most of the refugees in Sweden are usefully occupied. While there will be .individual Swedish' nationals anxious .to go to Australia, the Committee does not think that any great' numbers can be expected." Only in relation to Holland is the Committee unreservedly op timistic. ' So — as "Smith's" said — we should be looking to the migrant who will act on his own initiative and ziot wait on Government help. To-day for instance, there's a thin but steady stream of Ameri cans settling in Australia. They like the country and have come' on their own power. We have grained, also from the. Royal Navy. . ; Europeans who really want to! come here — and who- won't be!: stopped — need only a landing per-; mit, their fare, and £100 landing!, monqy. For these people shipping;, is not; an insuperable obstacle. True, it's hard to get ships; from ' England, but about 20 Nor- 1 wcigiari; . Danish, and Swedish:! ships are- covering the Pacific. . Men and women who break through now — who get here on their own steam — will make bet ter Australians than those who wait for crutches. 