TRANSPORT OF MIGRANTS New Ways Sought CANBERRA, Friday. - Avenues to bring migrants to Australia, including the possible use of the liner Aquitania and the probable use of aircraft-car- riers, are being investigated by the Government. Announcing this to-night, the Minister for Immigration, Mr. Cal- well, emphasised that the Govern- ment's immigration targets were un- altered. The Commonwealth and State conference this week had decided to base the plans for this year on definite berths promised, and had made its first allocation from what it specifi- cally described as the first 6,000 berths for 1947, he said. There was nothing to suggest in its decision that this would be the total for the year. Mr. Calwell said it had always been made clear that shipping capa- city would largely govern the number of immigrants who could be brought to Australia in the immediate post- war period. Use Of Carriers He said reports of imaginary new target figures ignored the prospect of adding to the first 6,000 by any of the following means: The promise of the British Prime Minister to examine further the esti- mates of berths quoted from ordinary shipping services; The use of aircraft-carriers, one of which will be very likely in use before the end of the year, bringing 1,000 migrants each trip; The possibility of purchasing or chartering the Aquitania for our mig- rant traffic; Thc possible use of aircraft for urgently needed classes of migrants; The prospects of using foreign ship- ping lines; and Settlement in Australia of other new citizens not covered by the Bri- tish free and assisted passage schemes, such as Americans and others who come to Australia independently. Mr. Calwell said the British High Commissioner, Mr. Williams, had told the conference that any lessening of the British Government's international commitments would almost certainly improve the Australian shipping posi- tion in a very short time. Mr. Williams had added that during the war 13 million tons of British Empire shipping was lost from a pre- war total of 20,500,000 tons, and some of her post-war shipbuilding was on behalf of other countries in consequence of war- time commit- ments. Mr. Calwell said that one of the countries that would benefit by some of the early British ship construction was Norway, with which discussions had been opened on the prospects of making an agreement to assist suitable Norwegians to migrate to Australia. Agreement Signed An agreement signed by the Aus- tralian Government and the Nether- lands Immigration Foundation pro- vided for a monthly quota of accept- able Dutch migrants to come to Australia. These would come by Dutch shipping lines. Discussions were also proceeding with representatives of the Swiss, Swedish, and Danish Governments. Mr. Calwell added that when the Government's policy was announced in August, 1945, he had stated that Australia was capable of absorbing 70.000 new citizens a year, and that it would be anything up to two years before large- scale immigration could begin. In the meantime, Australia would welcome special classes of urgently needed workers and relatives in Great Britain nominated by Australians. That was 17 months ago, since when British shipping had encountered un- expected commitments. lt was certain that by the end of the two years' period substantial numbers of specially required workers and immigrants nominated by re- latives, friends, and employers in Australia, would have been intro- duced, he added. 