By Irene Page XONDON.-A young married couple who have come to London for business purposes, but have found plenty to enjoy as well, are Mr and Mrs Don Martin, from Huonville (T.). TTHEIR trip so far has provided some surprises. They expect- ed foggy, wet weather, but found London sweltering in a heat wave. They brougth plenty of food with them, believing that people in Eng- land were on the verge of starva- tion, but they find they can eat well, if they can pay the price. Their five-weeK journey here, as the only passengers in the Danish ship Ragnhild, was "absolutely per- fect." They have a service flat in West London. Mrs Martin is anxious to : know every aspect of ? British life and wants to be an average housewife for a time to cope with the problems of rationing. They want to go to every Lon- don theatre, visit the rugged coun- tryside of Wales and Scotland in the Winter, and the more serene South- ern English country in the Summer, i Mrs Martin is planning to take at an art school a course in floral decor, and hopes to get her diploma before she returns to Tasmania. Mr Martin is busy between Aus- tralia House and the famous Covent Garden fruit and vegetable market in his job as acting food officer. Previously his work was connected I with the Council , for Scientific and I Industrial Research, and he hopes to return to scientific work eventu- ally. Now he is busy- examining Austra- lian fruit products and sending back technical reports on , their condition and- suggestions for improvements. Mrs Martin, whose grandmother was the first white child born in North-West Tasmania, has an uncle and several cousins in Cambridge. Recently she spent an exciting week- end in the university city during the famous May Week. . - JJECENTLY a film was shown in a small M.G.M. cinema in London of Tasmanian life and progress in the hydro-electric works. The. screening was organised by the Agent-General (Sir Claude James), who invited prospective im- migrants, to Tasmania. The commentary for many of the silent films was given by Mr H. Mcculloch, chief engineer of the Tasmanian Hydro-Electric Com- mission,, who hopes to interview many applicants for jobs with the commission. * * * * rpwo young Tasmanians who recently attended a Royal Garden Party at Buckingham Pal- ace have conflicting opinions on London dress. Mrs Una Jackson, of Hobart, smil I ingly gave her opinion that English women have "forgotten how to dress up." Miss Pat Perkins, also of Hobart, found the dresses "most at- tractive, especially those worn by the young people." I Neither girl returned to the pre- war long dresses. Mrs Jackson wore a blue, green, and white floral dress with bustle effect, with floral hat and white accessories. Miss Per- kins' dress was of pink crepe, with pink hat, brown shoes and bag, and I long white gloves. ! * * * * NUMBER of Tasmanians and Australians met on June 14 at Emeworth, near Ports- mouth, for the christening of the son, of Mrs Charles Cree, formerly Mary Chapmàn, of Hobart. The Icnristening cake was sent from Ho» bart." ? ' -* 