ABOUT PF.OPLK ;st Mrs A. Salmon and her daughter. Miss I. Salmon, of Colac (Vic.), are on a holiday with their cousins, Mr and Mrs Fred Weule, "Woodbine," Howlong. Mr William Theodore Moulden, the Grand Superintendent in NSW of the Royal Arch Freemasonry, Scottish Constitution, died yesterday in Sydney after some months illness. He was 74 and had been Grand Superintendent for the past 10 years. After a service at St Andrew's Church, Summer Hill, this afternoon members of the "St n-W escort the remains to the Centr«d railway station. Funeral will be at Parkes. where Mrs Moulden is buried. As part of Anzac Day celebrations a broadcast by Field-Marshal Viscount Montgomery will be broadcast by the ABC at 10.30 ajn. on Friday. The death occurred at Albury late on Monday night of James Joseph Mc- Guigan, of 664 Dean St., Albury, and formerly of Wagga. He was 72 years of age and has had a long illness. He has been a resident of Albury for over 20 years and is survived by his widow, three daughters—Mrs Crawford (Mona) Kalorama; Mrs Watson (Lila), Lakes Entrance; Mrs Burrows (Joyce) Woodend—and two sons, William Hugh and Kenneth John. His funeral cortege -will leave St Patrick's Church, Albury, at 3 o'clock this (Wednesday) afternoon for the Catholic portion of Albury Cemetery. J. S. Adams and Sons have charge of arrangements. The death of W. Samuel Esler at his home, ill Mount st„ Coogee, after an illness extending over six months, removes one of the best known identities of the western district, NSW, and brings to a close a varied and interesting career. . Mr Esler, who was 63 years of age, was born at Peechelba (Vic.), and was the fifth and youngest son of the late Mr and Mrs William Esler, old pioneers of that district. As a young man he spent 10 years as a member of the NSW police force, serving at various centres in the west. Retiring from the force in 1918, he occupied a position for three years as racecourse detective for the Western District Racing Association of NSW. He then secured a three-year appointment with the Royal Calcutta Turf Club. Before sailing for India in 1921, he was married at Peak Hill to Clare, second daughter of the late Michael Kevin and Mrs Kevin, Coogee, and his wife accompanied him on his voyage. At the expiration, and enjoyed immense populared his attention to grazing, acquiring "Bonnie Doon," a fine grazing property in the iKillamore district, which he carried on successfully up lo the time of his death. He was a man of outstanding character, with a genial temperament, and cheerful disposition, and enjoyed immense popularity with a wide circle of friends and acquaintances. Endowed with high Christian principles, he was a regular church attendant, and was a member of the Coogee branch of the Holy Name Society. In addition to his widow, he leaves one son (Jim), and one daughter (Madge), who reside at Coogee. Surviving brothers and sister are: F. M. Esler (AlburyJ, George Esler, Thurgoona (brothers), and one sister, Mrs J. Toohey, of Beechworth, Vic. His remains were laid to rest in the Waverley cemetery, the funeral cortege leaving St. Brigid's Roman Catholic Church, Coogee, at the conclusion of the Requiem Mass, celebrated by Rev Father Topey, who also officiated at the graveside, assisted by the Rev Father Gilbert. The funeral arrangements were carried out by J. T. Dixon Ply. Ltd. At the weekly luncheon of the Yarrawonga-Mulwala Rotary Club, Dean Briggs was chairman. The speaker was Mr Ron Browning, who chose as .his subject, "Wheat Growing." His address was very instructive. The Governor-General (Mr MeKell) has been asked by the Prime Minister to convey the following message to King Frederick of Denmark: "The Government of the Commonwealth of Australia has learned, with sincere regret, or the death of His Majesty the King of Denmark. King Christian's long reign was marked by great advances in social conditions and we rejoice that its closing years saw the liberation of the Danish people. Our sympathy is extended to members of the Danish Royal Family and to the Danish nation." A British migrant-tradesman, Alexander Dobson, aged 26, who was brought to Australia recently under the official immigration scheme, received the Distinguished Service Medal from the Governor-General (Mr Me- Kell) at Government House, Canberra, yesterday. He is the first man to be decorated by Mr MeKell on behalf of the King. The medal was awarded to Dobson for service in the Royal Navy submarines during the war, towards the end of which he participated in a midget submarine, attack on Singapore when a Japanese cruiser was sunk at its moorings in the harbor. J 