Labor Government's Immigration Policy PREFERENCE TO BRITISH, [SAYS MR. CALWELL Australia had stopped issuing landing permits on purely humanitarian grounds, the Minister for Immigration, Mr; Calwell, said last week. Mr. Calwell said that Australia, in common with other British Dominions, had been asked to admit some of the thousands of refugees and displaced persons in Europe. Because of the acute housing shortage and other factors, the Australian Government could not sanction the admission of refugees or displaced persons who had no relativeiT'to look after them on arrival. A few thou Mr. Calwell. sand landing permits were granted for persons who had relatives rlready settled in Australia, and who were in a position to maintain them and pro vide accom modation for them. Mr. Calwell said tha;t ? in 1946 ] about 34,500 persons entered the Commonwealth, of whom only 2 per cent, were refugees. Of these, 28,000 were Australian or other British subjects and about 700 were refugees. Of the other 5800 entrants 1900 were Americans, 1430 Dutch, 70 Danish, 600 French, 190 Greeks, 60 Norwegians, 170 Russians, $0 Swedes, 40 Swiss, 30 Belgians and 100 Yugoslavs. Migrants' Qualifications 'The Government feels that it has gone as far as it can reason ably be expected to go, for the present, in granting landing per mits to persons of these classes on purely humanitarian grounds,' he added. 'The. .issue of permits on this basis?i&*iSdtf - ~ ~ * * ' * , 'It is intended that in future the approval of applications will depend more on the intending migrants' ability to contribute to Australia's economic welfare. 'Particular regard will be taken to their ages and ? proficiency in those skilled occupations where there is a- marked shortage of labor.' Mr. Calwell said that some land ing permits which had been issued to refugees had not yet been pre sented in Australia. He expected that many of these would never be presented, because the holders had found extreme difficulty in obtaining passages, or had decided to establish themselves elsewhere. Preference to British So as to ensure that passages on ships leaving Britain for Australia were retained for Australians and other British people, instructions had been given that visas for Aus tralia granted to aliens on the Continent should be marked 'not valid for transit via the United Kingdom.' The Government's policy had always been, and would con tinue to be, that full preference to returning Australians and British migrants on any ship would be given where it could influence the allocation of passages. Only a proportion of berths, how ever, on any British ship travelling to Australia was made available to meet the requirements of the Com monwealth Government. The British Government and the shipping line concerned reserved the right to allocate the balance of accofnrhodation as they fsaw fit.' ' ? 