The Danish Minister in London! has conveyed the following mess-! age to Dayan H. M. Lazarus, De- j puty to the Chief Rabbi: “By Royal Command I have the honour to thank you for the beautiful telegram you, on behalf of Jew! ish Communities of the Empire, sent to Queen Alexandrine on the occasion of^ the demise of King Christian X of Denmark.” On the conclusion of the month of mourning for King Christian of Denmark, memorial services were held on Sunday throughout Pales tine. The two Chief Rabbis offici-j ated at the service in the Yeshu* run Synagoguue, Jerusalem which was attended by members of the Jewish Agency Executive and the Vaad Leumi. •5fr * The Roumanian Parliament un animously adopted a resolution thanking all foreign countries and organisations which have contri buted help to the drought-strick en areas of the country. The Ame rican Jewish Joint Distribution Committee was specifically men tioned. * * The June issue of the ‘'Mosley j News Letter” reports that the iHome Secretary has refused Mos* | ley’s renewed application on health grounds, for a passport. It also announces the forthcoming pub lication of a new book by Mosley. * * Oxford students belonging to all political parties have signed a let ter of protest in a recent issue of ISIS, the undergraduate magazine against the activities of the recent ly-formed Corporate Clubb, whose officials admit that they are in contact with Sir Oswald Mosley. * * A 20-year-old Jew, Eli Karlin, who has just graduated from Yale University, is the youngest Doctoi of Philisophy in the United States Dr. Karlin is the editor of the ‘Re view of Metaphysics.’ Referring to reports from Lon don alleging that professional nor Jewish terrorists have been going to Palestine under the guise ol visaless Jewish immigrants a USi Department spokesman said thal the Department had received n( reports of non-Jewish recruits tc the terrorist forces arriving ir Palestine. * * ! Konrad Lehr, another Gestapo member, was sentenced to life im prisonment for participating ir anti-Jewish persecutions in Falen ice. near Warsaw. 