Some Talk of Terror By MOLLY LYONS BAR-DAVID, (Palestine) for‘Jewish News’ The amazing thing about it is that for all the banner lines in the press, for all of radio’s loud-speaking, for all the terror, there is peace in Palestine if peace is a measure of the day to day life of the people: a symbol of what affects the ordinary man, his tasks and his state of mind. This does not mean that Palestine is calm or unaffected by the things that happen in our nidst. But three factors relegate terrorism to fourth place. The first of these, the positive factor, is the creative work in Pa lestine. We have work to do, so much work to do. There is harvest ing-, and there is building, and digging wells, and babiess are be ing born, and housing projects are going up, and soldiers have been demobbed, and factories are re converting from war to peace, and gladiola are being exported. Hindrances and obstacles are continuously being put in the way of this work by the local Gov ernment: the numberless vayn of throttling our work have not checked its dynamic force and the extreme means of martial law and wholesale arrests of all the man. power in settlements have not strangled it. The schools empty out their youngsters to help with the planting, if need be, and one man is another’s crutch when the enemy disables. Somewhere, some how, in the reams of telegrams sent off about Palestine, this ba sic vital living factor has been forgotten. Yet it is. It is above all. When a new settlement goes up in Galilee, when the water pipe line reaches yet another of our desert villages in the Negev, well —forgive us our joy in a world so sad but there is then a song in our hearts. Palestine flourishes at the touch of the Jewish hand: and this flourishing and expansion is not just making the desert at Beth Eshel blossom as the rose and artificially made waterfalls at Revivim a sight never before be held by the Arab nomad in the sandy wastes. It is a new frontier. It is uninhabited living room for those “still languishing behind barbed wire.” THE HUMAN PROBLEM And that is the second factor— those behind barbed wire: though this is so bound up with our pur pose of upbuilding that it rests on the same plane. It is the tragic accompaniment to the goodness we know. It is the stark pain of hav ing everything worthwhile and watching the last of one’s near est and dearest perishing for want of ordinary human needs and rights. Everyone in Palestine has kin in the unknown graveyards of Eu rope or a lone surviving brother in a D.P. camp. A human prob lem? To us in Palestine it is a mother, a $ister, who waits, and waits. This we feel. This is the other side of our shimmering shield, the dark lining in our sil ver cloud. There are the ships, the rotten tugs packed full of beating hearts that seek a safe harbour on Pa lestine’s shores. The ships are right, right as rain, no matter what the law says, no matter what the smear campaign in the daily press says. We do not associate “Immigrant running” and “Flaunting the chi valry of the s6a” as they do, with rum and knighthood in flower: to us it is a first charge on duty, human, national, family, personal. To us the only weapon against decency is shame. To us the glo rious British Navy has fallen into shameful days in tracking down the Mayflowers ' of the greatest tragedy the world has ever known Whenever a ship comes towards us the wave that carries the vessel on its crest seems to swell over the land: another boatload is com ing home. And when the water hoses are turned on the ragged people who Sing “Hatikva” on the deck, and the tear gas forces weeping among those who have known so much they have for gotten how to cry, then anger, rage, fury shakes us. There are outlets for this pent, up emotion, the defiance of setting up twelve settlements in a day, limpet mines that cripple the prison ships, young people shot down crashing cordons, but there Is no effective way of bringing our ma’apilim from the ships to our hearths, and they are taken off to more barbed wire in Cyprus more to languish and to wait. This terrible feeling of “impotent rage” eats into one’s bones burns, ulcerates. The ships are in our minds and hearts: the pathos in -the lyric of our land. PROVOCATION Jewry has had many centuries of lessons in warding off the spi ritual degradation of abuse. They have learned to “take it” to a fine science. I have known Jews who thought it was raining when they were spat in the face. But in Palestine we have forgotten that art. We are a proud people and the British think we have our nerve to dare to be ptfoud. Yet this is perhaps the only place in the world where, though our physical liberties are restrict ed, we are truly and completely spiritually free, without “ifs” in our lives and no soliloquies of “to be or not to be.” We see provocation without apologising for those who make it without blinding our view by wish ' ful thinking. We see it, and we smile a scoffing smile at the great and the small who resort to reviling and mud_slinging to ven tilate their fury and to cover their guilt. ! The Jews, apparently, aren’t be ing sporting, aren’t playing ac I cording to the behaviour rules in ■ our traditional role of eternal | underdog. General Barker’s letter didn’t get us sore: we didn’t hide it as a piece of anti-Semitic lite rature and it was left to the Brit jish to try to suppress it in Pa lestine. We showed it to one an other and saw in it a defamatory document of General Barker, and many were the quips about bark ing dogs. EFFECTS OF REQUISITIONING Mass requiistioning, first by cutting out the heart of the Jew ish business centre and then doing the same with the Jewish residen tial district in Jerusalem, all this has only brought scorn on the perpetrators, and has not broken the back nor the will of the jYishuv. Coming up against provo_ ! cation day after day, from Mr. Bevin's speeches down to the Tommy whose Tommy. Gun'seems to go off like a crackerjack, one would normally get quite a belly full. That, in fact, is the chief in gredient in the making of a ter rorist. But by and large, however the Yishuv has come to know its own worth: we seek no civil or social salvation from others—we have won it by ourselves, we do not fawn or grovel—we have to bow to none but God. And so, when a soldier pushed a friend in a crowd yesterday and said “Get moving, or you wont be able to move again” the natural reply was “I wouldn’t be at all surprised” and everyone chuckled a bit, and moved on. The chuckle was im portant—and typical. These three factors, upbuilidng, immigration, spiritual resistance, are the pillars of life in Palestine. The official struggle of the Jew ish community is based on this foundation; it is the moral battle line of the Yishuv, the routine of life that doesn’t, make headlines, but makes nations. There is among us an element of youth, lovers of Zion, which the Jewish Agency calls “Dissenters,” named by people abroad “The Partisans,” by the United Na tions Committee, “The Under ground,” by the Hagana, “The Terrorists” and the British Army, who have decided to call a rose by any other name have chosen the titles of “Criminals and Thugs.” WHAT DOES PALESTINE THINK? What do people in Palestine, Avinoam, Ben-Zion, Carmela and friends think of the'terror? I be gan to ask them in the buses, at, my kitchen door, in the shops and over the teacups. I had to begin to ask them for I found, to my own surprise, that our usual talk was about the child ren, the garden, the dog, the con cert, the weather, books, clothes and cooking — everything people speak of the world over. We talk politics when there has been an attack and the wail of the Sere nade is heard: we talk of nothing else when a youth is due to die or flagrant callousness and repeated untoward actions get us galled. Dvora, an elderly social worker who came from the Netherlands years ago said, when I asked her what she thought about terrorism: “If the British don’t let us build, if they keep our people out, if. they continue to humiliate us—all our children will become terrorists.” Avraham, a civil servant in a Jewish Institution, who hails from England said: “What do I think of the terror? It doesn’t matter. What counts is what the world and what the English think of the J terror. We are pawns in their hands. What I think isn’t worth a damn!” Zalman, one of Palestine’s key people in the business world said: “It’s a harder thing to do than to say. But we must stop the terror at any cost short of civil war. The country will go from one econo- j mic disaster to another— unto political ruin.” | THEY HAVE MOTHER TOO | Rivka, .a Yemenite housemaid spoke in more personal terms. “He was such a quiet earnest boy. Wanted to be a teacher. Who would have thought he was a ter rorist. Now his parents mourn. He was a dreamer. He died for us. But what good did it do? English soldiers and policemen have mo thers too.” Ruth, a German doctor of an old Zionist family: “I think we must wipe out the terrorists. Yes, even if it means civil war—but it won't come to that. I saw the Na zis begin this way in Germany. Today it’s the English. Tomorrow it will be us. The Hagana must kill a hundred of them and then it will stop.” Sarah, a Palestine-born journal ist: But terrorism is wrong because it is futile, if not harm ful. We must use our heads, not our hearts, in our struggle.” DIVERGENT VIEWS Jacob, Sarah’s husband, didn’t agree: The terrorists are wrong, however. They have no right to take action into their own hands when there is an elected leadership and a proper defence organisation. Shmuel, an American member of a collective settlement said: “The terrorists are nothing more than fanatics. They want to die ! heroes, even at the price of hav | ing Palestine in the role of the j Warsaw ghetto.” | Shoshana, a Danish nurse: “His_ | tory wil lunderstand it will view I it dispassionately and, I believe, j justify it.” Yehudit, a schoolteacher turned farmer: “Hotheads. Fools. Cows are the thing. Cabbages are our strength. Will anti-Semitism over the world help to build Palestine? We can’t use barbed wire for a honeysuckle trellis!” Dalia, a stenographer from Hun gary: “Well, I just read an insi nuation that our rescue of child ren is a propaganda trick. Why should I be reasonable with those who refuse to be reasonable? TO KILIj IS WRONG A Professor who came from Germany: “I won’t say that I know what the right thing to do is, but I do know what is wrong. And we must not do what is wrong. To kill is wrong.” Haim, a Polish student' “The terrorists have closed the Chapter of Jewish submission to being po_ grommed. They have brought us the spirit of the Maccabees. To defend and to fight. To be men.” Eliezer, third generation in Pa lestine, a carpenter: “They know how to die, and how to face the trial waiting for death. I might say, therefore, that I love my ene mies. For J. think that they are the enemies of our cause.” (Continued on page 7) SOME TALK OF TERROR (Continued from page S) MUST RESTRAIN THEM Tirza, a Roumanian artist: “I thiiik that we must restrain them. We are doing it, I understand. A number of their plans have been ruined recently I was told The Hagana is doing the right thing bringing immigrants and doing real defence.” Esther, a housewife from Scot land: “If it does any good, I’m for it. If it has no effect one way or the other why should poor Jock die? If it does harm, I’m agin' it.” Malka, a manicurist from Bue nos Aires: “Regrettable but in evitable.” Reuven, a Jewish policeman: “Terrorism is poisoning the Police who always hated us. But they are jittery. Scared stiff. And they don’t like being scared.” jLeah, a factory worker said: “They aren’t terrorists. They don’t attack buses full of people and kill indiscriminately. They are an Army who fight the Govern ment and its forces and destroy its property. They should be treat ed as prisoners-of_war when they are caught.” KILLING INNOCENTS:_ COWARDICE Nathan, a taxi driver from Sin gapore: “Killing innocent people is cowardice. Do you call them efficient? Was the Acre jail break efficient? Fools, and sloppy at that.” Yardena, a musician from War saw: “My parents were burned in the crematorium. My sister still can’t get here. But for the Grace of God I too might dead. What have we left to lose? It’s a Home land or it’s the end.” Yitzhak, editor of a magazine: “i once thought the terrorists did our cause some good. They are certainly courageous and upright zealots and their promptings are just, but they are playing into the hands of the Government. It’s simpler keeping troops here than in Egypt and long before the terror they prepared for it by building police forts and a tre mendous Army in the South, large enough to hold soldiers in numbers beyond any Palestine emergency, but not too many to keep Russia in its place. The terror justifies the troops before the world and frees the British hand with the approval of world opinion, to take strong measures in the land, mea sures in reality meant to destroy the Yishuv. TERRORISM UN-JEWISH Benjamin, a prolific reader of history, thought that although ter rorism was un-Jewish, the Jewish people profited by it in bringing the issue to a head, in showing the Arabs that xno rioting would be tolerated, in proving to Russia that the Jews were an efficient and dynamic force worth cultivat ing, and showing the British that Jewish determination could not only be exemplified in building and in speech-making, but in creating intolerable conditions for those, who ry to liquidate the National Home. I found no one who approved of spying on terrorists and report ing them, although many were willing to inform the Hagana. Few people considered the terror ists heroes but regretted their in dependent action and felt that the terror was harming the Zionist cause. Only one person advocated restraining action by the Hagana to the point of civil war. With the United Nations Committee of In quiry now in Palestine, almost all were agreed that the moment de manded peace and patience and that terorrism should declare a truce as they did during the Basle Congress. The Hagana, apparently is determined to stay the terrorist hand at this point. 