Fewer Landing Permits For Refugees -. CANBERRA, Thursday. Australia had stopped issuing landing permits on purely hu- manitarian grounds, the Minis- ter for Immigration, Mr. Calwell, said to- day. In 1946, Mr. Calwell said, about 34,500 persons entered the Common- wealth, of whom only 2 per cent, were refugees. Of these 28,000 were Australians or other British subjects and about 700 were refugees. Of the other 5,800 entrants 1,900 were Americans, 1,430 Dutch, 70 Danish, 600 French, 190 Greeks, 60 Norwegians, 170 Russians, 30 Swedes, 40 Swiss, 30 Belgians, and 100 Yugo- slavs. Mr. Calwell said that Australia, in common with other British Do- minions, had been asked to admit some of the thousands of refugees and displaced persons in Europe. Because of the acute housing short- age and other factors the Australian Government could not sanction the admission of refugees or displaced per- sons who had no relatives to look after them on arrival, Mr. Calwell said. A few thousand landing permits were granted for persons who had relatives already settled in Australia, and who were in a position to main- tain them, ¡Sid provide accommoda- tion. POLICY CHANGE "The Government feels that it has gone as far as it can reasonably be expected to go, for the present, in granting landing permits to persons of these classes on purely humanitarian grounds," he added. "The issue of permits on this basis is now closed. "It is intended that in future the approval of applications will depend more on the intending migrants' ability to contribute to Australia's economic welfare. "Particular regard will be taken to their ages and proficiency in those skilled occupations where there is a marked shortage of labour." Mr. Calwell said some landing per- mits issued to refugees had not yet been presented in Australia. He expected many of these would never be presented because the hold- ers had found extreme difficulty in obtaining passages or had decided to establish themselves elsewhere. To ensure that passages on ships leaving Britain for Ausfralia were re- tained for Australians and other British people, instructions had been given that visas for Australia granted to aliens on the Continent should be marked "not valid for transit via the United Kingdom." The Government's policy had always been to give full preference to returning Australians and British migrants on any ship where it could influence the allocation of passages. That policy would be continued. However, only a proportion of berths on any British ship travelling to Australia was made available to meet the requirements of the Com- monwealth Government. The British Government and the shipping line concerned reserved the right to allocate the balance of accom- modation as they thought fit, ^Mr. Calwell said._ 