Britain's Vital Year Pageant of Epic Events Specially Written For the Mackay 'Mercury by A " yi succession of crises, making the year | one of almost continuous tension and anxiety, has been Britain's lot in 1947. Britain's "trials by ordeal" have included such ordeals as floods, fuel and food short ages. Accompanying these afflictions has been grievous disappointment in the field of international affairs." There was rich compensation in one of the sunniest summers on record, but, for that, a penalty has been im posed in shortages of some food crops, notably potatoes. But the sun enabled the nation to endure many hardships witVi fortitude and cheerfulness. Politically, me year opened with an1 important instalment of nat ionalisation. The mines ' became the property of the British people; - Lord Hyndley" unfurled the new . flap: of the National Coal Board over the board's headquarters, Lansdowne House; the nation had a message from Prime Minister Attlee in which he forecast that January 1, 1947, would be remem bered "as one of the great days in the industrial history of our coun try." The new form of adniinis. tration was immediately put to severe tests. Coal reserves proved tragically inadequate. \- Severe winter conditions, added to increased domestic consumption and the greater Industrial demands, produced an acute fuel crisis. ' Millions of workers were ren dered idle by the closure of fac tories. and the public had to bear curtailments of fuel and electricity .service. Strangest" consequence was the compulsory cessation of all periodicals for a fortnight. At one time, London's interest was -locussed on the daily diminishing stocks of coal in the power sta- ' tions and gas plants, while the fleet of coal ships plying between .the Thames and the Tyne was held fog-bound. ; Throughout the year there was .nnsettlement in the coalfields, but the campaign to attract more workers to the pits, accompanied by improvements in pay and con ditions, had some success, and gradually strengthened the coal- getting force, so that stocks in creased and the prospect of an other winter crisis, diminished. vAs . the year erid'eq, coal' output showed "wi 'marked- improvement. Economic ; ) Deterioration ' Meantime, however, the general economic situation" was deteriorat ing, and though the Government received, no censure from, the Commons, the House of Lords .passed a - motion, deploring the Inadequacy of the measures taken; . and proposed by the Government, to remedy the weaknesses of' the national situation. Mr. Eden, broadcasting at this time, made a powerful call to the Government to "stop galloping down National isation Avenue," but, arguing that Its program of national, ownership was . an indispensable step to re covery, the Government rno- ceeded .with its plan. Against ' persistent and vigorous opposition", the- Government , pressed through Parliament a measure which com- i-mitted the nation to take over i rail; "road and inland waterways | transport. "'Soon afterwards, another ' -. measure of nationalisation was passed, bringing into State 'ownership the whole of the . ' electricity undertakings in .' Great Britain. '/Another adventure in the same phere was the Town and Coun try Planning Act, which adds to the Coal Board, Transport Com mission and Electricity Authority a fourth powerful State corpora- tion, the- central Land Board. This body is vested with so much authority that its approval will be necessary to any new development tof land. Further, it will be able to levy a tax on increased value where land is diverted to a new afid more profitable use. ; Less contentious' was the new Agriculture Act which, to a large extent, develops the agricultural policv pursued during the - war. ..and gives permanence to the War ' - Agricultural Committees under the ; title of County Agriculture Com mittees.. Generally, the, control of thie ' State over -agriculture . Is In creased. There was 'a large, meas- . iire- of agreement;' too,' for ithe Crown Proceedings; Acp. ; With- the ' Vast increase - in State ownership, the law which prevented the citi zen from suing Government de partments hod become indefen sible,, and by the new -Act, the ' State in its business activities can be" proceeded ' against like any commercial undertaking; ... Another measure which the Op position did not oppose was the National Service Bill providing for the continuance of compulsory service after the end of 1948. It was, nevertheless, vigorously re. sisted by sections of the Govern. ment's own supporters. The ex tent of this revolt surprised the Government, and, in the sequel, the Government appeased its critics bv reducing the term of service under the measure from 18 to 12 months, although the Bill had been passed with the longer term embodied. Dollar Crisis Economic troubles were reflected in the Budget when tax changes Included an increase on profits tax to 123 per cent, doubling of stomp duties on stocks and shares, leases and mortgages, doubling of legacy and succession duties, a new duty of 10 per cent on bonus ' shares, and another 1/- "per 20 on cigarettes; and pipe tobacco up by 1/2 an. ounce. Such was the nor mal Budget for the year, but the most disconcerting economic event of the postwar- period, namely, the .exhaustion of . the . great dollar loan nearly two years before it had been expected to run out, made a supplementary Bud get necessary In the autumn, al- " though the Government had, in 1945, based its plans on a policy of( a single, annual Budget. This second Budget was de signed to reduce surplus pur. chasing power and so check the pursuit of scarce goods by the excessive amount of money in circulation. The profits tax was doubled; dog, tote and pool bets were to bear a 10 per cent tax; there were Increased taxes on beers, wines and spirits. Purchase tax was stepped up on a large range of articles, and other financial meas ures introduced to "strengthen Budgetary defences against in flation." By many critics, the measures were considered inade quate, but criticism was ended suddenly bv a sensation arising Prime Minister Clement Attlee believed that 1947 would be "great in industrial his- : tory," but found a year of tribulation. from leakage of Budget secrets. The Chancellor confessed to hav ing divulged the new taxation to a lobby correspondent,. ,1ust before opening his speech. Recognising . that he had committed a very grave error of judgment, Dr. Dal- ton resigned, and Sir Stafford Cripps ndded the heavy duties of ' the Treasury to - the considerable responsibilities ' of his newly- created office of Minister of Eco nomic Affairs, brought into exist ence bv the dollar crisis. The year ended with Sir Stafford Cripps as a virtual dictator In the sphere of Jinanrc and economics, a situ ation which reflects the meas ure of anxiety which attends the tremendous task of cut. ting down imports and ex panding exports until the vast gap between them ceases to menace. Britain's solvency and standard of living. Even if a favorable turn in the European situation should case the strain imposed on Britain by the cost of feeding her zone in Germany, and even if the aid of the Marshall plan becomes, effec tive before the winter is out, the full effects of the drastic economy measures must be painful, while such hardships . as the slowing . down of the housing program must be felt for several years to come, other measures . designed to meet the crisis, like the Direc- . tion of Labor, and the Supplies and Services (Extended Purposes! Act, may, under the stress of in creasing economic difficulties, be' pushed to an extent which in volves serious -impairment of the liberty of the subject. Year Of Change A Parliamentary experience of 1947, happily rare, was the de cision of the Commons, by 187 votes to 75, to expel a member and to reprimand another, . The incidents concerned involved also I - the admonishing of three jour nalists at the Bar of tho Hous . Among various Ministerial changes during the year, Mr, Shlnwell ceased to be Minister of Fuel, being succeeded by Mr. Gaitskell- and himself going to the- War Office." Sir Stafford Cripps left the Board of Trade to be Minis ter without portfolio, and later added the office of Chancellor of the Exchequer. Mr. Arthur Greenwood retired to encourage "some of the younger members of the party," and Lord Addison, who is 78. relinquished departmental responsibilities to become Lord Privy Seal. Notwithstanding economic hardships, the abolition of basic petrol ration, further food restrictions and ration ing, the Government could, \- down to November, claim that J the electorate had shown no signs of serious change of mind. But the November local gov ernment elections rocorded a mood adverse to the Government. In England and Wales the Con servatives gained 643 council seats and lost only 18, whereas Labor lost 695 seats and gained 43. Scot-i land followed the trend, Labor losing 78 seats and gaining 12. A Parliamentary by-election at Gravcsend at the. end of Novem ber was made the occasion of . a tense struggle between the Labor and the Conservative parties, but though the Labor party retained the seat by a much reduced majority, the total vote for both sides ' was substantially increased, the Opposition vote rising by 60 per cent. The year is destined to pass into history as one in which changes of great import were made in the fabric of Empire. Early in the year a Burmese delegation arrived for talks on Independence. The sequel was the Burma Independence Bill In troduced in Parliament in the autumn and carried. So Burma's membership of the Commonwealth was ended by her own wish. Like wise, in July, Royal assent was given to the Indian Independence Bill, and thereafter arose the two new Dominion States of India and Pakistan. Exit From Palestine An outcome of these events has been the change of title of the Secretary of State for the Do minions to that - of Secretary of "State for Commonwealth ' ' Rela- - tions. Continued illegal immigra tion into Palestine fostered : and subsidised by other nations, and a 1 campaign of outrage against British forces upholding the in ternational mandate there, caused \- the British Government to decide to relinquish responsibility for the administration of the country and not to accept a new mandate from the United Nations. At a time of so much per plexity and so many problems, the part played by the Royal House during the year has been a helpful and unifying demonstration of the stability : of the Throne, and of the enduring values enshrined in the monarchy. The visit of the King and Queen and the two Princesses to South Africa, occuring at a time of (acute discomfort and hardship at home - (which made the Kinig consider at one moment the aban doning of it), lifted the minds of most people from a contemplation of local and passing misfortunes to the heartening potentialities of the Commonwealth. It brought a stimulus similar to that which came, in the darkest days of the war. with arrival in Britain of contingents of the Dominion forces. The goodwill with which the Royal visitors were received, everywhere on their tour, arid the realism of it all imparted by broadcasts from' veldt and town ship to the British home, made a valuable tonic during an other wise depressing period, and as sured a ready understanding of the heartening message which the King delivered on his return. But the outstanding Royal event of the year was the marriage of Princess Elizabeth. Early rumors that the1 chosen consort of the future Queen was a Prince of Greece were accorded an unen- thusiastic- reception, but the ulti- - mate disclosure of the Prince's identity as a junior member of the Danish Royal House, a klns- \- man of the late Queen Alexandra, a nephew of the highly esteemed Lord Mountbatten, educated in Britain and trained In the Brit ish Navy, established full confid ence In the Princess's judgment; and the public appearance of the young man won him favor In his own right. The King's action in conferring on him the status of a Prince in the Royal House, with the title of Duke of Edinburgh, was highly popular. Though the ceremonial of the Royal Wedding 'made appropriate concessions to the harshness of the times, it had all the page antry, color and dignity of pre war days, and brought a most 1 welcome relief into days of drabf- ness and make-do The -response of the public to the occasion was wholehearted, and no Royal couple ever began married life with such a bounty of popular goodwill, or with iriore sincere good wishes. Losses Of The Year To the grim story of Britain's economic difficulties, fate added an unusually sombre chapter of accidents and natural misfor tunes. During a winter which was certain to bear harshly by rea son of fuel shortage, Britain had a period of exceptionally severe weather. Storms, floods and Arc tic conditions inflicted very heavy losses on farmers, 600,000 acres and 2,000,000 sheep being affected, and the effect upon fuel supplies and communications was to cause stoppage of work in many indus trial plants with consequent heavy losses in production. The railways had the worst re cord of accidents since 1915, nearly 100 persons being killed in crashes, and 360 injured. There were two major pit disasters, one causing 125 deaths. Shipbuilding achieve ment received a setback in exten sive damage to the liner Corinthic, just as she was about to make her maiden voyage.. The Queen Eliza beth, Britain's largest liner, ran aground off Southampton, and shipping suffered considerable ag gregate loss in numerous accidents due to wild weather. Though the air services sustained losses, the Incidence was not exceptional, having regard to the increasing use of air transport. Interesting links with history appear in the obituary list of the year. General Sir Ian Hamilton, who reached the ripe age of 94, had his baptism of fire In 1878, and last saw service as Com mander-in-Chief in Gallipoli in 1915\. Lieut.-General Sir Gerald Ellison (86) had been Director of Organisation at the Wat" Office, and was secretary of the famous Esher . Committee which resulted in many army reforms. Field- Marshal Sir Cyril Deverell was a notable figure in the first World War, and was the immediate pre decessor of Lord Gort as Chief of the Imperial General Staff, while Admiral Sir Montague Browning, who joined the Royal Navy seventy-one years ago, was at the surrender of the German High Sea Fleet in 1918, and was given the task of supervising the carrying ,out.,of the-, Armistice conditions. . , " "A riotable' preacher arid a great militant churchman was lost In Dr. Hensley Henson, who had been Bishop of Durham; and the Rev. Arthur Sewell, who was 106 at his death, was the oldest Anglican clergyman and the oldest member of Oxford University. The Prin cess Royal mourned her distin guished husband, the Earl of Harewood— guardsman, sportsman and Freemason of high degree. The fourth Marquess of Salisbury, son of Victoria's last Prime Min ister, had been active in nolitics for 52 years, and had held many offices- of State; Lord Lytton, KG. had been Governor of Bengal, and had rendered many great services to education. Lord Passfield sur-' vived his famous wife, Mrs. Syd ney, Webb, but -a short while, and his death enabled Dean and Chap ter of Westminster to offer burial of the ashes of both husband and wife in the Abbey ' in recognition of '.their, great services to social reform. Literature, and art lost Richard le Galllence ; poet and essayist; J. L. Garvin, biographer, political commentator and editor; James Agate, dramatic critic and stage authority; Mrs. Belloe Lowndes- and Baroness Orczy, novelists. Sir Sydney Nicholson, long distin guished in Church music, and Lord Howard de Walden, composer and generous patron, were grac ious links with a happier Tpast, as also was the veteran painter, Sir Stanhope Forbes; while Sir Gow- land Hopkins and Sir Almroth Wright, had both rendered, over a long period, distinguished service to science. Schoolmaster: what is the plural of penny? Class (In chorus): Tuppence. Landlady (jokingly at Christ mas Day dinner): "I don't sup pose you know what it means to be hungry at Christmas, Mr; Brown?" Boarder: 'No, but I'm learning." . .The -new police inspector 1 was unduly zealous, and the landlord of the Pump and Pewter had been frightened into announcing the - discontinuance of his annual raffle. On Christmas Eve, however, the click of the dice was heard as usual in the- bar parlor, and one ' of the patrons of the establish ment found himself the possessor of a pair of fowls. "Stroke o' luck for me you al- . tered your mind about -aving a raffle," he remarked to the land lord. "What made you do it?" "It wasn't my wish, George," came the reply. "It was the missus's silly -fancies; wriat done if;. .She never will, eat chickens as dies natural." " " ' " 