ifi K iyoNS BAR-DAVID, (Palestine) j for ‘Jewish News’ . ,-c that for all the banner lines in ^ ab?Uti .Ll-snealdng:, for all the terror, there i7^di0S l0ifa measure of the day to day life P°tfpefwhat affects the ordinary man, his lynibo1 of,Wrp,lis does not mean tliat Palestine is £of “thiiies that happen in our nidst. But lW‘“SfSm to fourth place. |,of all the man Lents have not I schools empty |ers to help with Seed be, and one [crutch when the Somewhere, some | of telegrams [destine, this ba Ictor has been Is. It is above all fttlement goes up [the water pipe [another of our | the Negev, well |oy in a world so ien a song in our [flourishes at the fish hand: and Ind expansion is [ the desert at Im as the rose fade waterfalls at [never before be | nomad in the |s a new frontier, [living room for bushing behind | PROBLEM [second factor— Bed wire: though ip with our pur_ x that it rests on [it is the tragic [the goodness we [ark pain of hav [worthwhile and | of one’s near i perishing for [human needs and Mine has kin in peyards of Eu irviving brother |A human prob lalestine it is a Iifho waits, and pl. This is the F. shimmering Png in our sil_ PPs, the rotten |f beating hearts Inarbour on Pa Ifight, right as Ei the law Ihst the smear campaign m uie utuiy jjicss say a. We do not associate “Immigrant running” and “Flaunting the chi i valry of the sea” as they do, with rum and knighthood in flower: to us it is a first charge on duty, human, national, family, personal. To us the only weapon against decency is shame. To us the glo rious British Navy has fallen into shameful days in tracking down the Mayflowers of the greatest tragedy the world has ever known Whenever a ship comes towards us the ;vave that carries the vessel on its crest seems to swell over the land: another boatload is com ing home. And when the waier hoses are turned on the ragged people who sing “Hatikva” on the deck, and the tear gas forces weeping among those who have known so much they have for gotten how to cry, then anger, rage, fury shakes us. There are outlets for this pent, up emotion, the defiance of setting up twelve settlements in a day, limpet mines that cripple the prison ships, young people shot down crashing cordons, but there is no effective way of bringing our ma’apilim from the ships to our hearths, and they are taken off to more barbed wire in Cyprus more to languish and to wait. This terrible feeling of “impotent rage” eats into one's bones burns, ulcerates. The ships are in our minds and hearts: the pathos in the lyric of our land. PROVOCATION Then we have this thing called provocation. Things like hanging Dov Gruener and his comrades in secret, without the last rites of a Chaplain, before a ruling was granted in the appeal. Jewry has had many centuries of lessons in warding off the spi ritual degradation of abuse. They have learned to “take it” to a fine science. I have known Jews who thought it was raining when they were spat in the face. But in Palestine we have forgotten that art. We are a proud people and the British think we have our nerve to dare to be proud, j Yet this is perhaps the only place in the world where, though our physical liberties are restrict ed, we are truly and completely spiritually free, without “ifs” in our lives and no soliloquies of “to ! be or not to be.” We see provocation without apologising for those who make it without blinding our view by wish ! ful thinking. We see it, and we j smile a scoffing, smile at the j great and the small who resort to reviling and mud_slinging to ven j tilate their fury and to cover their guilt. . | I The Jews, apparently, aren’t be-: ing sporting, aren’t playing ac- ! cording to the behaviour rules in our traditional role of eternal j underdog. General Barker’s letter didn’t get us sore: we didn’t hide I it as a piece of anti-Semitic lite rature and it was left to the Brit ish to try to suppress it in Pa lestine. We showed it to one an other and saw in it a defamatory document of General Barker, and many were the quips about bark ing dogs. EFFECTS OF REQUISITIONING Mass requiistioning, first by cutting out the heart of the Jew ish business centre and then doing the same with the Jewish residen tial district in Jerusalem, all this has only brought scorn on the perpetrators, and has riot broken the back nor the will of the Yishuv. Coming up against provo cation day after day, from Mr. Be vin’s speeches down to the Tommy whose Tommy Guri seems | to go off like a crackerjack, one i would normally get quite a beily full. That, in fact, is the chief inr gredient in the making of a ter rorist. But by arid large, however the Yishuv has come to know its own worth: we seek no. civil or social salvatiori frorii others—we have won it by ourselves, we do hot fawn or grovel—we have to bow to none but God. And so, when a soldier pushed a friend in a crowd yesterday and said “Get moving-, or you wont be able to move again” the natural reply was “I wouldn’t be at all surprised” and everyone chuckled a bit, and moved on. The chuckle was im portant—and typical. These three factors, upbuilidng, immigration, spiritual resistance, are the pillars of life in Palestine. The official struggle of the Jew ish community is based on this foundation; it is the moral battle line of the Yishuv, the routine of life that doesn’t make headlines, but makes nations. There is among us an element of youth, lovers of Zion, which the | Jewish Agency calls “Dissenters,” named by people, abroad “The Partisans,” by the United Na tions Committee, “The Under ground,” by the Hagana, “The Terrorists” and the British Army, who have decided to call a rose by any other name have chosen the titles of “Criminals and Thugs.” • WHAT DOES PALESTINE THINK? What do people in Palestine, Avinoam, Ben.Zion, Carmela and [friends think of the terror^ I be gan to ask them in the buses, at my kitchen door, in the shops and over the teacups. I had to begin to ask them for I found, to my own surprise, that our usual talk was about the child ren, the garden, the dog, the con cert, the weather, books, clothes and cooking — everything people speak of the world over. We talk politics when there has been an attack and the wail of the Siire nade is heard: we talk of nothing else when a youth is due, to die or flagrant callousness and repeated untoward actions get us galled. Dvora, an elderly social worker who came from the Netherlands years ago said, when I asked her what she thought about terrorism: “If the British don’t let us build, if they keep our people out, if. they continue to humiliate us—all our children will become terrorists.” Avraham, a civil servant in a Jewish Institution, who hails from England said: “What do I think of the terror? It doesn’t matter. What counts is what the world and what the English think of the terror. We are pawns in their hands; What I think isn’t worth a damn!” Zalman, one of Palestine’s key people in the business world said: “It’s a harder thing to do than to say. But we must stop the terror at any cost short of civil war. The country will go from one econo mic disaster to another— unto political ruin.” Jane, an American resident said “The terrorists are heroes. They’re doing a wonderful job. No apolo gies necessary, not even for the King David.” THEY HAVE MOTHER TOO Rivka, a Yemenite housemaid spoke in more personal terms. “He was such a quiet earnest boy. Wanted to be a teacher. Who would have thought he was a ter rorist. Nok his parents mourn, H'e was a dreamer. He died for us. But what good did it do? English soldiers and policemen have mo thers too.” Ruth, a German doctor of an old Zionist family: “I think we must wipe out the terrorists. Yes, even if it means civil war—but it wop’t come to that. I saw the Na zis begin this way in Germany. Today it’s the English. Tomorrow it will be us. The Hagana must kill a hundred of them and then it will stop.” Sarah, a Palestime-born journal ist: But terrorism is wrong because it is futile, if not harm ful. We must use our heads, not our hearts, in our struggle.” DIVERGENT VIEWS Jacob, Sarah’s husband, didn’t agree: The terrorists are wrong, however. They have no right to fake action into their own hands when there is an elected leadership and a proper defence organisation. Shmuel, an American member of a collective settlement said: (Continued on page 8) (Continued from page 7) “The terrorists are nothing more than fanatics. They 'want to die heroes, even at the price of hav ing Palestine in the role of the Warsaw ghetto.” Shoshana, a Danish nurse: “His tory wil lunderstand it will view it dispassionately and, I believe, justify it.” Yehudit, a schoolteacher turned farmer: “Hotheads. Fools. Cows are the thing. Cabbages are our strength. Will anti-Semitism over the world help to build Palestine? We can’t use barbed ‘.vire for a honeysuckle trellis!” Dalia, a stenographer from Hun gary: “Well, I just read an insi nuation that our rescue of child ren is a propaganda trick. Why should I be reasonable with those who refuse to be reasonable? TO KELL, IS WRONG A Professor who came from Germany: “I won’t say that I know what the right thing to do is, but I do know what is wrong. And we must not do what is wrong. To kill is wrong.” Haim, a Polish student* “The terrorists have closed the Chapter of Jewish submission to being po_ grommea. They have brought us the spirit of the Maccabees. To defend and to fight. To be men.” Zeev, a dealer in tourist souve nirs: “Well, if I lived in far away America, I’d applaud, and cheer But here, you see, I get it in the pants. I’m bankrupt because there are no tourists. And there are no tourists because there are terror ists.” Bliezer, third generation in Pa- j Iestine, a carpenter: "They know how to die, and how to face the trial waiting for death. I might say, therefore, that I love my ene- ; mies. For I think that they are the enemies of our cause.” j Catherine, a seamstress from Austria: “It’s the only way. There i^ no other way. Did they open the gates of Eretz so that my parents could get here from Auschwitz? Does the world care about our six million who were killed in the gas chambers? The world is rotten and to hell with it.” Daniel, a senior office clerk, — “Phooey. The English could pooh on us and our terrorists. They could finish us with one blow. Are we here to build Palestine?” MUST RESTRAIN THEM Tirza, a Roumanian artist: “I think that we must restrain them. We are doing it, I understand. A lumber of their plans have been ruined recently I was told The Hagana is doing the right thing bringing immigrants and doing real defence.” Esther, a housewife from Scot and: “If it does any good, I’m cor it. If it has no effect one way 1 >r the other why should poor i lock die? If it does harm, I’m 1 igin’ it.” I Malka, a manicurist from Bue- 1 , ios Aires: “Regrettable but in ivitable.” i Reuven, a Jewish policeman: ‘Terrorism is poisoning the Police 1 vho always hated us. But they Lre jittery. Scared stiff. And they lon’t like being scared.” i Tova, a saleswoman from Italy: < ‘Why certainly—how can you j sven ask it—I’d never report a 1 errorist even if it could be done i vithout risk. Why should I turn ] >ver a Jew who struggles for my 1 :ause and mistakenly harms it, to < he someone who wilfully and de- < iberately seek to destroy it?” J Yichye, an Oriental vegetable 1 rendor from Aleppo: “The Arabs, m-habii, are full of respect for i iur terrorists and I think not so i ocky about Kawkawji any more.” I Meir, a South African retired in c ^Iestine: “So long as the terror- £ sts spared life by warning before c iombs were set off, I admired hem. It may be too risky now \ irhich -is a great pity. The world 1 rould otherwise, have thought c hem noble warriors.” t ;Leah, a factory worker said: I They aren’t terrorists. They on’t attack buses full of people c nd kill indiscriminately. They are I n Army who fight the Govern- I lent and its forces and destroy o ;s property. They should be treat- a d as prisoners-of_war when they y re caught.” fc KILLING INNOCENTS:— COWARDICE Nathan, a taxi driver from Sin gapore: “Killing innocent people is cowardice. Do you call them efficient? Was the Acre jail break efficient? Fools, and sloppy at that.” Michael, a Government officer, who witnessed an attack. “It was clone in an efficient flash. The kids were pushed aside quickly and firmly and told to beat it. Report them? I’ve already forgot ten the incident. I value my head Besides—” Yardena, a musician from War. 5 saw: “My parents were burned in the crematorium. My sister still can’t get here. But for the Grace of God I too might dead. What have we left to lose? It’s a Home land or it’s the end.” Yitzhak, editor of a magazine: “i once thought the terrorists did our cause some good. • They are certainly courageous and upright zealots and their promptings are ! just, but they are playing into the hands of the Government. It’s simpler keeping troops here, than in Egypt and long before the j terror they prepared for it by i building police forts and a tre- ; mendous Army in the South, ‘large , enough to hold soldiers in numbers ' beyond any Palestine emergency, but not too many to keep Russia in its place. The terror justifies the troops before the world and frees the British hand with the approval of world opinion, to take strong measures in the land, mea sures in reality meant to destroy the Yishuv. TERRORISM UN-JEWISH Benjamin, a prolific reader of history, thought that although ter rorism was un-Jewish, the Jewish people profited by it in bringing the issue to a head, in showing the Arabs that no rioting would be tolerated, in proving to Russia that the Jews were an efficient and dynamic force worth eultivat- „ ing, and showing the British that Jewish determination could not only be exemplified in building and in speech-making, but in creating intolerable conditions for those, I who ry to liquidate the National Home. I found no one who approved of spying on terrorists and report ing them, although many were willing to inform the Hagana. Few people considered the terror ists heroes but regretted their, in dependent action and felt that the terror was harming the Zionist cause. Only one person advocated , restraining action by the Hagana I ( to the point of civil war. With the _ United Nations Committee of In quiry now in Palestine, almost all vere agreed that the moment de nanded peace and patience and :hat terorrism should declare a :ruce as they did during the Basle Congress. The Hagana, apparently s determined to stay the terrorist rand at this point. 