MIGRATION Press Misrepresentation FOLLOWING LETTER lias been forwarded by Mr. K. Beazlegr, to the Fremantle District Council: 1 lie arrival of the Egyptian liner Misr and the Dutch liner Johan de Witt was the occasion! for a Press campaign against I foreigners. In the course of this' it was strongly suggested that Commonwealth policy was prefer ence to foreigners and that no significant British migration was taking place. This is gross and dishonest mis representation. The facts are that from V.P.-Day until Janu ary 31, 1947, 24,879 new migrants came to Australia. Of this num ber 22,274 were British and 2606 foreigners. In addition to this Australia received an increase of population through ex-service men of the British and Allied armed forces being granted dis-; charges in Australia. Their nationality was as follows: Bri tish, 2873; American, 812; Dutch,! 105; total, 3790. < , The nationality of the 24,879 migrants was as.follows: British I 22,274; •Austrian, 222; Be^Xn.j 6: Czechoslovak, 54; Danish, 14: Estonian, 35; French, 19; •Ger man, 124; Greek, 139; ♦Hun-' garian, 103; Iraqi, 4; Italian, 4; Jugo Slav, 54; Latvian, 10; Lithu-' anian, 13; Lebanese, 9; Norwe-' gian, 3; Palestinian, 25^Polish,! 524; Portugese, 3; »Rumanian.; 20; Russian, 98; Spanish, 2; j Swiss, 6; Stateless, 577; Dutch 134; American, 397; total, 24,879.' * The numbers furnished in re spect of Austrian, German, Hun garian and Rumanian nationali . ties would be almost solely com prised of displaced and persecu ted persons nominated by near' relatives' resident in Australia. The remainder are Australian women of British stock who mar ried enemy aliens, and their minor children, permitted to re turn to Australia from foreign countries. Many of these "foreigners" were Australian women of Bri tish stock who had married aliens, and who with their chil dren were being permitted to" re turn" to Australia from foreign countries. the misr affair. The ^arrival of the Egyptian lmer Misr was made the occa sion for an attack on the Com monwealth Government. The Bhip was grossly overcrowded and her hygienic condition when she arrived was extremely bad. The entire Press of the Common wealth suggested, without directly saying so, that her hygenic con dition was the responsibility of the Commonwealth and that she was a Commonwealth migration ship. It must have been known to those responsible for news paper policy that foreign ships are foreign territory; that no Commonwealth law, excepting the law pf quarantine, applies to a foreign ship; and that fares charged and the state of over crowding are no more within the jurisdiction of the Common vi ealth than are the wages paid to seamen on ships of foreign register. It is significant that none of the newspapers attacked the shipping companies, British or foreign, who are at present grossly and flagrantly exploiting the intense desire of many people to get out of Europe and Great Britain by charging utterly un reasonable fares. Neither do they draw attention to the need of a Commonwealth shipping line to carry migrants and to prevent this gross exploitation. The Commonwealth influence on migration at the present time is confined to the granting of landing permits. These have been issued to 38.413 British who have come to Australia, but as I pointed out earlier only 22,274 of these were new British migrants; the other 16,000-odd were Aus tralians returning from abroad. The criticism directed at the Commonwealth Government for permitting the passengers on the Misr to come to Australia is equally dishonest and unfair. In the firsts place, much of the a (tack on the passengers has b"en of an anti-Semitic charac ter. Of the Misr's 73 7 passen-1 gors CO were Jews. Almost all of them were survivors of Dachau Auschwitz and Belsen—Nazi ex termination ramus—who were permitted to enter Australia for rnmnascionafe reasons, to be cared for by their own people. The rest were mainly the wives and dependants of foreigners who had come to Australia be fore the war. For the Common wealth Government to have re fused them the right to enter Australia, thus forcibly keeping families apart, would have been an act of odious tyranny. When the criticism of the Misr became widespread, two Immi gration Officers — both distin guished ex-servicemen—were put on board the ship to travel to Melbourne from Fremantle. They issued to the ' Immigration authorities a careful and detailed report. This showed that the great, majority of the passengers had been grossly maligned; that ; they were good types, and that only a small minority exhibited hysterical and neurotic tenden cies; which is not surprising con sidering the experiences they have been through. It has also been suggested by the Press that the Misr and the Johan de Witt had British pas sengers on board but that pre ference had been given to foreigners. Neither" the Misr I nor the Johan de Witt came from I Britain, the Misr having left S Cyprus and the Johan de Witt . having come from Amsterdam. I FCTUHB policy. ' The Commonwealth Govern ment's policy is to attract as many desirable migrants as pos sible, with preference given to British. Among British migrants, Australia is endeavoring to give ' preference, as far as possible, to tradesmen, especially builders. The reason for this is obvious: the Commonwealth desires tradesmen to help in solving the housing problem of subsequent migration. The Commonwealth Govern ment is acutely conscious of the great demand of many British to migrate to Australia. At the end of March of this year, appli cations for passages to Australia registered in Australia House totalled 196,193. To meet the demands of these people for transport, Mr. Calwell, chartered the liner Acquitanla (46,000 tons) and entered into negotia tions concerning other vessels. The British Government suddenly asked that all these negotiations be deferred and suspended be cause of their own emergency needs. I need hardly say that the situation in India and Pales tine. necessitating as it does .the evacuation of British civilians (about 234,000), was the reason why the British Government took the serious step of cancelling and suspending charter negotiations. To encourage British further, the Commonwealth has entered into two agreements with the United Kingdom. One provides for free passages to Australia for suitable ex-servicemen and women of the United Kingdom armed forces and the Marine Navy, together with their depend ants. Under that scheme the whole of the passage money is paid by the United Kingdom Gov ernment as part of its ex- service rehabilitation scheme. There is a second assisted pass age agreement between the Aus tralian and British Governments now operating. Under this agree ment the approved migrant is obliged to pay only £10 sterling if 19 years of age or over: only £5 sterling if over 14 and under IP years of age; and nothing at all if under 14 years of age. The difference between these rates and the amount charged by the shipping companies is made up by the United Kingdom and Aus tralian Governments equally sharing the cost. Thus a constructive and gener ous policy is being pursued by the Commonwealth Government with respect to the migration of British. At the same time Aus tralia must recognise that she has some humanitarian obliga tions towards the stricken people of Europe and cannot pursue an exclusive policy towards all I European foreigners. I have written this letter to fp'ow your attention to the con ienmtihle dishonesty of the Press, which has given the utmost em phasis to the arrival of 2605 foreigners and no emphasis at all <o the arrival of 22,274 British. 