TRUTH ABOUT MIGRATION MINISTER REFUTES LIE CAMPAIGN Using fiction, and descending to any depths of misrepresentation, sections of the daily press in Sydney and Melbourne are trying to undermine the Labor Government with a campaign against immigration. The Federal Minister for Immigration, Mr. Calwell, said this in Canberra today. 'We have seen many vicious and dishonest campaigns in the press since Labor came to power in the Commonwealth Parliament in 14)41, but on few occasions have the newspapers been as brazen in their disregard of facts as they have been in reporting and commenting on immigration," Mr. Calwell said. "First the concerted attack was on the Government's prospects of bringing British migrants to Australia this year—and they used the consistent writing-down process. The second phase has been seen in the past few weeks in the repeated criticism and misrepresentation of facts on alien migrar tion. "Early in December the Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' ftarted Its campaign with stories from its London representative, who no doubt was acting under instruction from Sydney when he cabled stories suggesting that Australia's immigration program would have to be recast. He quoted certain figures as the probable number of berths we were likely to get for British migrant traffic during 1947. At that time my emphatic reply that I would never agree to any figure as low as 10,000 official British migrants being sufficient for 1947 was ridiculed by the press. "The arrangements the Government has been able to make in the face of unexpected prolongation of Britain's international shipping commitments will ensure a substantial beginning of British immigration this year—with well over 10,000 new citizens brought under the free and assisted passages scheme," the Minister continued. Ilisrepreseiited Abroad I/TTTI. r ..1 J 4. J? n AAMf/Mi. When I reported to a confer ence of Commonwealth and State Ministers early in January the exact numbers of berths that had been allotted for migrant and intermediate class passengers in 1947, I was again told by the newspapers that Australia's immigration program was doomed to failure. "The Melbourne 'Herald' went so far as to say that the scheme had 'evidently substantially collapsed in its initial stages.' "Although this statement and other flights of fancy published by the Melbourne 'Herald' were refuted with official figures and explanation the following day, the Melbourne 'Herald' published part nf fho /»nr«»«fintinn in Uc nnrn f»fi of the correction in its own columns but included in the February issue of an Australian Newsletter circulated by the Empire Press Union (Australian section) the original story without any correction whatever. "The seriousness of this is appreciated when it is realised that this publication of the Empire Press Union is circulated as an authentic document throughout the world and it demonstrates how little regard the Melbourne 'Herald' organisation has for Australian information in other countries. Even the reputation of their own country is of no importance in the minds of the Murdoch propagandists. Anti-Semitic Outburst "Again I emphasised the importance of Australia's population problem and pressed the Australian representations wherever they had already been submitted and I opened new channels of inquiry. I also pointed out that Australia's immigration program need not be recast because it had always been appreciated that for at least two years after the war shipping would be the major limiting factor. "The press is now trying to create mistrust and divide the ranks of the workers by the anti- Semitic propaganda that is being smeared across news and editorial columns alike. "An example was the story featured a while ago by the Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' and the •Sun- Pictorial.' Melbourne, stating positively that 3.300 refugees from Europe, including 2.600 Jews from Poland. Austria and Germany were to reach Australia by the end of April on three Dutch vessels. "Investigations carried out by the Australian Minister at the Hague established that there was absolutely no grounds for these press reports. Only one of the three vessels named was coming to Australia and as explained in a statement I issued earlier, this ship, the 'Johan de Witt.' was carrying 600 aliens with landing permits that had been issued on humanitarian grounds a year to IS months earlier. "The permits had been issued on application by close relatives who were able to guarantee maintenance and accommodation of their nominees as refugees or displaced persons who had been victims of enemy persecution. "In the whole of 1946. 34.500 persons arrived in Australia and (Continued on page 2) MIGRATION (Continued from page 1) of these only 700 could be classed as refugee immigrants. Of the total, 28,000 were Australians and other British subjects and 5,800 aliens included Americans, Dutch, Danish, French, Greek, Norwegians, Russiaons, Swedes, Swiss, Belgians and Yugoslavs. "But none of the newspapers which had been trying to give the impression that Australia was being overrun with Jewish immigrants brought under some obscure preference conditions, were honest enough to give the same prominence to the fact that only two per cent, of the total admissions in 1946 were refugees," Mr. Calwell continued. "In future the approval of applications will be more selective from the point of view of the intending immigrants' ability to contribute to Australia's economic welfare, with particular reference to their ages and proficiency in those skilled occupations wbero there is a marked shortage of labor. "Australia has a long range immigration program on a scale that has never before been attempted but, unlike immigration as it was carried out by non-Labor Governments 20 years ago, the introduction of new citizens from overseas is being arranged on a scientific basis that protects the interests of individual workers. "This is done by measuring industrial obeorptive capacity through a continuous series of surveys and by distributing the immigrant inflow throughout industry and throughout Australia to the jobs and places where there is a demand and scope for more workers and more families." he , concluded. 