Lies Jewish Exposed Official figures from the Federal Ministry for Immigration refute anti-Semitic published statements that Australia is being overrun with Jewish migrants. f\NIiY 1,321 Stateless and other Jews ^ have entered Australia since the of the war. In the same period 22,274 people of British nationality have come to this country. Total number of immigrants to enter Australia from the end of the war up to January 31, 1947. is 24,879. (These figures do not include temporary visitors or returning Australians.) Frequent distortion of these figures in the past proves that, while figures can't lie. liars can figure, t Official Figures H e r e a r e official figures and nationa l i t i e s Qf migrants who have come to A u s t r a l i a s i n c € the war's end: . . . „ British 22.274. Austaan 222, Belgian 6, Czechoslovaks 54, Danish 1*. Eston- .ian 139. 35, Hungarian French 19, 103, German Iraq 4, 124, Italian Greek Yugoslav 54. Latvian 10. Lithuanian Lebanese 9, Norwegian 3, Palestinian 25\. Polish 524, Portugese 3, Ru- ! manian 26, Russian 98, Spanish 2, Swiss 6. Stateless 577. Dutch 134, j American 397. Migrants of Austrian, German, Hunsarian and Rumanian nationality are exclusively displaced and persecuted oersons nominated by near relatives living m Australia ^^mamder ^urfrahan women ns. and their minor children, per imitted to return to Australia from I foreign countries, j Immigration Department policy is to attract as many British migrants as possible to Australia. . All efforts to obtain additional sbip- Commonwealth Government solely to secure transport for as many British subjects as possible. Anti-Semitic statements that Australia was being over- run with Jews, have been a feature of the daily press and certain weekly papers. Stories have been publishd that persons of Jewish faith have secured a monopoly over flats and shops. The yellow press has played up Jews as coming to Australia loaded with wealth and ready to walk into a furnished flat or a business. These stories are seen in their true light when it is shown that not onetwentieth of Australian immigrants are Jews. Victims of Fascism The Tribune agrees that migration to Australia should be carefully controlled while there is a housing shortage. But it does not agree that displaced persons whose mothers, fathers, sons or daughters perished in fascist gas ovens and concentratilon camps should be denied a place in the sun. Displaced and stateless persons coming to this country are shattered in mind and body as a result of their war experiences. Our contribution to the post-war world, envisaged and laid down in the Atlantic Charter Pour Freedoms, should be to welcome these people and help them forget the past. OUPFLIES are now available of Lud- ^ wig Feuerbach—Engels' classic analysis of the materialist conception of history, 1/- a copy from Current Book Distributors or Pioneer Bookshop, George Street, Sydney 