What the Civilised World Owes to Ireland The debt which the world of learning and civilisation owes to Ireland is not sufficiently appreciated. Perhaps some of our modern scholars are unaware of that debt. For this reason the brilliant, learned review of Ireland's contribution to Western culture delivered at the H.A.C.B.S. Communion breakfast on March 16 by his Excellency Dr. T. J. Kiernan, Ireland's Minister Plenipotentiary to Australia, is of inestimable value. 800 B.C. there had developed in Ireland the system of education which :. we call the university system. " The OIlav, or Doctor in Philosophy and Literature, ranked next to the monarch in precedence.' His was the highest degree ittihei ancient Irish educational system, as we may quite properly call it; and his studies had included law, history, philosophy, languages, music, druidism pnH poetry- Our Irish word, "file," means in modern Irish a poet; But in ancient Ireland, "file" and philosopher meant the same thing because the philosopher had to be a poet and the poet a philosopher. In a manuscript of our pre-Christian era, the question is put: "In what form are degrees conferred upon a poet? Answer: He exhibits his . compositions to an 'ollav' (a doctor of poetry and philosophy); and he has the qualifications of each of the seven orders of poets; and the king confirms him in his full degree, and in what the 'ollav' reports of him as to his compositions, and as to his innocence and purity; that is to say, purity of learning, and purity of mouth, and purity of hand, and purity of union, and purity of honesty, and purity of body—that he have but one wife, for he dies in dignity through impure cohabitation. POETICAL QUALIFICATION The reason for the stress on poetical qualification was that our history and our genealogies were more easily memorised when written metrical form; and the "ollav" was a keeper of public records, qualified and authorised by the king to decide disputes of succession to property or dignities or emoluments. (I remember hearing lecturing in Rome a, Belgian priest who had been in the Belsen concentration camp—he was afterwards killed in a motor accident in • Paris—and he explained that he had, while a. prisoner in the camp, made verses or jingles of his experiences so that he could remember the details as he had no means of writing them.) There was a clearly defined hierarchy of these historical teachers in ancient Ireland (from the "ollav," or perfect doctor to the Anroth, the Cli, and down to the Fochlog and the Drisog, who was the lowest in rank) and each of the categories was by law entitled to considerable privileges and emoluments. They survived down to the 14th century. At that late period in the development of Irish civilisation when St. Patrick came to our shores, we had a complete, welltabulated system of laws; and in the year 439, seven years after St. Patrick's coming, this body of laws was submitted to him and he marked the articles which were repugnant to the Christian truth and proposed suitable changes. Then, a revising committee of nine persons—three kings, three Bishops and three doctors of literature and philosophy or "oilavs"—studied the proposals. Of these nine, the three principal ones were Laoghaire, the High King of Ireland; Patrick, the Apostle of Ireland; and Ros, the chief philosopher of Ireland. This committee approved of changes and of an amended code which was accepted as the national law throughout Ireland. The new code, called the "Shanchus Mor" or Great Compilation of the Laws, has come down to us in manuscripts, one copied from the other, right up to the end of the 16th century. ST. PATRICK'S ASTUTENESS St. Patrick, with the inspired astuteness of the great missionary priests, had made it his first business in Ireland to enlist the sympathy and support of the poetphilosopher class. So did St. Bridget, who was venerated later as their particular patron. Colmcille, the Apostle of Scotland, who was himself a poet, was the friend and-patron of his fellowcraftsmen in letters and philosophy. In fact, the Druid brehon arid file classes, with their great and ancient national, historical) and poetical traditions, were, under the habit, the missionaries of Ireland's Golden Age. They assimilated the classical culture which had been preserved by the Church in Europe; and with the old Irish culture and the classical European culture successfully fused, they were in that strong position of being able to reawaken the Christian spirit in Europe and repair the intellectual losses caused by the barbaric invasions. ADVANCED CIVILISATION I am mentioning what must seem very remote from the present day of popular education and literary digests and comic strips, as a background, because what the world owes to Ireland did not come about as an accident, no more than can the rapid and thorough and enthusiastic reception by the Irish of the Christian message be regarded as a miracle, as if it had been a savage, untutored people suddenly seeing a great light. Under God's grace it. was no miracle because the advanced Gaelic civilisation, with its high standards of truth and purity of vision made it a human probability. The soil was ready for the seed and the Christianity which at once took deep roots, blossomed not in Ireland only but throughout the known world. Already in the sixth and seventh centuries, Ireland had a great name as an island of sanctity and learning and a place of refuge for die persecuted. Crowds of foreign ecclesiastics, French, Italian, Egyptian, British said Saxon, flocked to Ireland; and in the Litany of St. Aengus written in 799, a vast number of foreign saints, buried in Ireland, are invoked. The English historians, Bede, Hanson and Allison, refer to one part of that immigration into Ireland in the year of the bubonic plague in England, 664 A.D.: "Many of the nobility and of the lower ranks of the English nation were there at that time, who, forsaking their native island, retired thither, either for the sake of divine studies or of a more continent life. . . . The Irish willingly re ceived them all, and took care to supply them with food, as also to furnish them with books to 'read, and their teaching, gratis." It might almost apply to the present day, if gratis is translated as paper money. . At the same time, Ireland was pouring out her own men and women, lay and ecclesiastical, to go to the places of danger, and propagate their Christian knowledge and piety. They went to the remotest places where Christianity was yet unknown, but a great and fruitful work was also done in European lands where, as O'Curry says, "the seeds of Christianity formerly sown had either run to extravagant wildness or totally failed." Copying manuscripts was part of the special work of the Irish monks and wherever they went they took their manuscripts with them and taught the art to their pupils; so that Irish manuscripts (rare enough in Ireland, thanks to the Danish and Anglo-Norman invasions and Cromwell and Sons) are to be found in Paris, Vienna, Turin, Milan, Berne, Dresden, Carlsruhe, Munich and the Vatican Library. The English script derives from the Irish. The Irish scribes put into their illuminated manuscripts such patience, originality and delicacy that they have remained unsurpassed in this ancient art. These scribes, in Ireland itself, were held in the highest esteem by both laity and monks; and they ranked in dignity with an abbot or a Bishop. They worked in teams, in silence, in the scriptorium of the monastery, under the direction of a chief scribe. WORK OF MONKS When St. Columban, the great pioneer of the Irish monastic and apostolic emigration, reached Bobbio, he had with him in a wallet hanging from his neck a codex from tike Gospels, the celebrated Codex Bobbinsio now in the National Library of Turin; and from this single set of manuscripts grew the famous Bobbio Library. In the 15th century, Bobbio was a quarry from which codices were carried away to enrich the libraries of Florence, Naples, Vienna and Paris. Cardinal Borromeo, when founding the Ambrosian Library of Milan, endowed it, in 1606, with 73 codices from Bobbio, a gift, wrote Achille Ratti (later Pope Pius XI): "To which the Ambrosian is indebted for much of the prestige it enjoys among learned men and scholars, it would be no exaggeration to say all over the world"; and Pope Paul V, in 1618, took 28 volumes of manuscripts for the Vatican Library— now in the Codices Vaticani Latini. During the reign of Charles Emmanuel I, some 70 volumes were taken to Turin. In 1801, the French took possession of the monastery, and in 1803, such of the volumes of manuscripts as escaped the flames passed to apostate monks and agents of the French Republic, not one going back to a public library. In 1923, Pope Pius XI, when sending a Papal Legate to the celebrations held in Bobbio in honour of St. Columban, wrote: "The more light is thrown on the dark places of the early Middle Ages by the patient investigation of scholars, the more manifest it becomes that the re- birth to Christian wisdom and civilisation in various parts of France, the Germanies, and Italy is due to the labours and zeal of Columban —a striking testimony to the merits of the priesthood and more particularly of Catholic Ireland"; and he referred to "these successive waves of emigration from Ireland which were destined in the course of the ages to bring such profit and advantage to such a multitude of peoples." CENTRES OF CULTURE . In Ireland itself what had happened was that monasteries sprang up all over the island. Not having come under jthe sway of the Roman Empire, the Roman hierarchical organisation could not, without a revolutionary change, be fitted on to the Irish political system, and so the monastery, rather than the city of the European continental type, became, in Ireland, the centre of ecclesiastical and national culture. Having abbots in these monasteries there was not so much need for Bishops and, as one historian says of our early Bishops, "their multiplication was a source of weakness at home and an embarrassment when their peregrinating proclivities drove them abroad." The Italian historian, Tommasini, seeking for an explanation of Ireland, says: "Some analogy may be found in the sphere of individual experience. As great converts, once they acquire by the touch of grace the 'sens us Christi' and realise its capacity to turn all values topsy-turvy, attain at a bound to the conception of Christianity as a heroic conception of life, and simply cannot help abandoning all things to follow and serve Christ: "Lord, what will you have me do?"—so the Irish nation, the solitary instance, in history, collectively manifested such an unexpected, radical, and ineffaceable regeneration and transformation. 'Lord, what will you have me do?' it exclaimed with one voice at the end of the fifth century. And an array of saints of heroic stature and original character rose in that privileged island and thence marched over the world, bringing to the remotest lands their unwearying apostolic fervour and humble aspiration after martyrdom." And elsewhere, "The fruits of their labours are to be found, if anywhere, in the inflexible resistance of the nation to a pitiless martyrdom of four centuries' duration, in the course of which Ireland set the world such an example of fidelity to Christ and Rome as is without parallel in history. The peregrini of her golden age in missionary zeal spread the Faith in Europe: her exiles in the 18th and 19th centuries scattered the seeds of the Faith broadcast in the lands of their enforced fojourn, and unconsciously fulfilled a similar mission in America and Australia." INFLUENCE IN ITALY We know that in Italy to-day there are 120 parishes dedicated to Irish saints whose feast days are still kept holy; in some parishes, as in the province of Bergamo, the elementary schools are closed on St. Patrick's Defy, and Patrizio and Patrizia are common baptismal names amongst the people. In a great many parishes, the Feast of St. Brigid of Ireland is celebrated on February 1, and in the Commune of Piacenza February 1 is recognised by the civil authorities as a holiday and all servile work is forbidden on £hat day. St. Call's feast, on October 10, the day of his death, is kept to-day in parishes in Switzerland, Alsace, Germany and Italy. DESTRUCTION BY INVADERS , And if there are 120 Irishpa troned parishes in Italy, yet we know that the Irish foundations in France and Germany were more numerous and more important. It is a curious fact that in the German countries, those parts where the early Irish missionaries laboured, are precisely the parts which were unharmed by the Reformation and have remained Catholic to this day— Bavaria, the Rhineland, and Austria. The Danish and Anglo-Norman invasions ravaged the monasteries and inflicted tremendous injury on thp Irish civilisation; and when King Brian sought to restore civilised life in the country, the contemporary history, "Cogadh Gaedhal re Gallaibh" ("The War of the Gael with the Foreigner") says, "he sent for professors and masters to teach wisdom and knowledge; and to buy bpoks beyond the seas and the great ocean; because their writings and their books in every church and in- every sanctuary where they were, were burned and thrown into the water by the plunderers from the beginning to the end; and Brian himself gave the price of learning and the price of books to everyone reparately who went on this service." Only about 10 manuscripts of later date than the year 1000 survived on Irish soil. But even these Scandinavian invasions were returned by the Irish with our customary form of revenge; and Professor Olrik, in "Viking Civilisation," describes the Irish Christian influence as "an enrichment and expansion of the native north-European stage of civilisation," and he attributes specifically to Irish poets the development of the Scandinavian saga. An Irish-Nordic culture was born from these bloody clashes, and that Irish-Nordic culture, historians say, exercised a marked influence on the art and literature of Scandinavia. It was a revenge worthy of the Irish. It was in the Elizabethan age that Ireland began to be drained of the aristocratic* and militant part of the nation. They went to join the armies of Spain, France and Austria, forming the renowned Irish brigades, hoping always to return to the mother country to fight for her deliverance. We might say that that marked the end of the first vast Irish emigration which was predomi- (Continued on page 22) DR. T. J. KIERNAN What the World Owes to Ireland Dr. Kiernaii's Lecture (Continued from page 15) nently a learned and scholarly emigration. That emigration was accompanied by the love of letters and of art and hence its profound influence on European civilisation from Iceland down to the toe of Italy. That emigration movement had in it the marked element of a spiritual movement, even also that part of it which followed the Treaty of Limerick. We have a dreadful silence then, when the iron curtain was firmly clamped down on a nation which seemed entirely dead; though, as Mr. de Valera said in his commentary on Mr. Churchill's victory speech, it was not really death—only insensibility. The second great wave of Irish emigration derived from the Great- Famine of a hundred years ago. Five and a half million Irish went to the U.S.A. between 1820 and 1920. To-day, there are 15,000,000 of their descendants in the American population; and yet the population of Irish blood is higher in Newfoundland, Australia and Scotland. In the Catholic Archdiocese of Glasgow, for example, numbering 500,000 Catholics, 85 per cent, of them are of Irish origin. BEST NATIONAL ELEMENTS What does the world owe to this second mass movement of Irish emigration? Speaking recently at the Dublin Society on "The Role of Irishmen in American History," the Professor of Political Science at Cambridge University, Professor Brogan, said that the Irish emigrants from 1846 had one great advantage over all other emigrants — they were profoundly well educated in politics. The early emigrants to the U.SA. provided the labour for railways, roads, canals, etc. The Irish in America excelled in railway organisation. By the end of the 19th century, they were moving into the middle position of old Americans. They were then foreman, heads of great corporations, etc. They were, in fact, the bosses; and, according to the Cambridge professor, their contribution to American life had been very great. They had produced great surgeons, sculptors, painters, soldiers, dramatists and writers. To-day, he added, the Irish were merging very muchinto the total American nation, and they had a very great devotion to Ireland all the time, in sharp contrast to other emigrants. To my mind, that is the important thing: to have merged naturally and successfully into the nation of their adoption, to have become good /Americans, good Canadians, good Australians —better still to stand out as the best national elements—but all the time preserving a great devotion to Ireland. And why? Because, while it would be tedious to catalogue great Irish names throughout world affairs and world achievements and history, it can be said simply in one sentence that what has been and still is most worth while for the world to get from Ireland is the particular sensibility or sensitiveness of the Irish character. That was a common denominator of the two great waves of Irish emigration; and the source of it, which is in Ireland itself, remains fresh and new, as fresh and new, as commonplace, and as magical, as the daily rising of the sun. It goes back to the pre-Christian era, as I have tried to suggest, and is based on large reserves of intellectual life to draw on. The Irish who emigrated were themselves bearers of part of those reserves of intellectual and spiritual life, no matter how poor they were in worldly' goods; and they brought to the new countries that heritage, which, being a spirit and a philosophy of life, is what must be understood as the really great contribution made by the Irish nation as far back as history goes. The material achievements, the individual successes, even the individual failures, are simply the visible proof of the inner spirit. ARISTOCRACY AND DEMOCRACY There is a powerful Irish character which has not changed in 2000 years. It still persists in Ireland; and that character has become for us at home as familiar as our heartbeats. It is difficult to describe or to phrase a national character; but in every nation it will be found that, apart from the common and universal qualities of humanity, there is some outstanding characteristic or peculiarity. The peculiar character of the Irish nation has aristocratic and democratic elements. There is an aristocracy of intelligence and intellect. The economic basis is democratic. That, I think, is what we exemplify as a nation—democratic in our economic life with an aristocracy of character and intelligence. The leaders our people followed were typical aristocrats of character—from Mitchell and Meagher to Pamell, Pearse and de Valera. Ireland gives to that kind of leader a love which springs from the depths of the national being. The two go together. A social order based on democratic economics needs aristocratic, truthful thinkers to save the nation from stagnation. Ireland, despite the terrible educational disabilities of the past, has always been prolific of thinkers- No people seem to have greater natural intelligence than the Irish. Even the penal laws, and deformed system of national education did hot kill that natural intelligence. And now, a country which for centuries has expressed its national activity mainly by way of protest against external domination, a country . which for so long was compelled to live a negative national life, and to spend all its efforts OD preserving its soul in a threadbare body, is free, for the greater part of Ireland, to express its national consciousness, and to take, each individual citizen, a measure of prid£ in it. We are engaged to-day in building a strong body for the great soul of our people in building it a beautiful house; and if we were patient in the past—and God knows we were—we can afford to work patiently for the Big House to be finished. Our people, in the main, are now working with the hope that the highest, or better than the highest, that humanity has ever attained will be within our capacity, too. How best and most safely we can use the terrible energies of this materialistic age without debasing the spirit of the nation— that is the problem that we are trying to solve. We have new home industries, savings and external credits but _ what the ordinary individual Irishmen in Ireland knows by instinct, though he might not express it, is thai the foundations on which our Big House will stand are the -unfathomable spiritual elements in the Irish character. Unless, in the future, the destruction of every man, woman and child in Ireland is acHleved, these unfathomable spiritual elements of the Irish character will, in the future, have the same power of resistance as in the past, the same power of survival as in the past, unconquerable by physical force, teaching the-world that moral strength is greater than physical force and that the love we give as a nation to other nations will return to us. And it is in so far as we have exported that sensitive Irish character, . in the hearts and minds and breeding of those who left our shores for other lands, that we can truthfully, and quietly, talk of what the world owes to Ireland. 