EXPLOSIONS SHAKE TEXAS LATEST CABLES AND TELEGRAMS- The "Maeleay! Argus" is a subscriber to .the. Australian As sociated Press, which provides the overseas news in this issue- FREIGHT SHIPS EXPLODE CARRYING CARGOES, OF AMMUNITION TERRIFIC DEATH ROLL NEW YORK, Thursday. Twelve hundred persons are es timated killed and 3500 injured in a series of explosions which to-day practically destroyed Texas | City (Gulf of Mexico). The French freighter - Grand Camp, loaded with 3000 tons of ammunition — nitrate and cotton, caught fire and blew up in port, starting a series of secondary ex plosions and fires ashore. Oil tanks caught fire and blew up. NEW YORK, Friday. By last night Red Cross officials were working against time and horrible scenes of desolation in an explosion that blasted Texas City. It is estimated that the known dead then totalled 714, with 3000 more injured. In addition, it is believed, 200 other dead are buried in tbe debris along the wat erfront. Summing up the position last night, the American Associated Press said seven minor explosions had occurred since at Aaylerah. as oil tanks collapsed. Three earlier explosions includ ed the destruction at 2.5 a.m. of a second ship freighter, Highflyer Carrying 900 tons of ammunition, nitrate, and 2000 tons of sulphur, the Highflyer exploded with ter rific force, rocking the shattered ruins of the city. . _ . A large percentage of the 500 employees in the massive Mon Santo chemical plant were killed or injured in the original .blasts, and more than 100 are still un- accountea ior. | Latest reports from the wrecked city say that flames are creeping near eight leaking high octane pet rol tanks, which may explode. No efforts are being made to fight the fires until the explosion dan ger has passed. Police patrolling the area say there has been no looting, but feeding of the home less is a major task of the Red Cross and Salvation Army. Some heroes of the earlier blasts have not survived the later ones. A Catholic priest, Father Roach, ignored workmen's warnings, and went to the dockside to minister to the dying and was killed by an explosion. One correspondent, who flew over the city yesterday, said only in the atom-bombed Nagasaki had he ejver seen more concentrated damage. Latest reports from Mexico City say -that a new menace in the form of fire, which is threaten ing to spread to high octane pet rol storage tanks, which thus far have miraculously escaped . dam age, has arisen in the wrecked city. Simultaneously, it is announced there are three survivors of the crew of 41 on the French ship Grand Camp, the destruction of which by a violent explosion lead to all the disaster that has over taken Texas City. AH survivors among the crew are critically in jured. BRITISHnMIGRANTS LONDON, 'Friday Three troopships to transport im migrants - to Australia are : being made . available almost immediately. Announcing this in the Lords, tlie Dominions Secretary, Viscount Ad dison, said ships would take about G,900 to Auralia this year and more than double this number in 1948\. ' UNION CONTROL IN U.S. Despite threats of Presidential Veto, the House of Kepresentatives passed the most rigid Union Con trol Bill in American labor history. The measure which outlaws closed shoj) contracts and imposes other drastic curbs, is likely to become tlie major political issue for the 1 948 presidential campaign. FOOD FOR BRITAIN SIR EAKLE PAGE'S CAMPAIGN CANBERRA, Friday. A plan to send 100,000 tons .of foodstuffs to Britain within three months was placed before Parlia ment to-day by Sir Earle Page. He said he believed that his scheme is workable and he was not very particular whether the Government sold or gave the food to Britain. "Britain does not need food at some future indefinite date. She needs it right now," said Sir Earle. He pointed out that the British situation was so desperate that the United Kingdom was paying 3/ per lb. for Danish butter. STATE LOTTERY SYDNEY, Friday. Lottery 14S3 drawn to-day re sulted: First, 94986, 1 'B.I.D.' syn dicate, Mr. Dorney, 31 aGle Road, Maroulira;; Second, 19077, "Black and Blue" syndicate, N." B. Her bert, Albert Street, Leichardt; Third, 46559, "P.O.M. '' syndicate, F. M. Hands, 461 New Canterbury Road, Dulwich Hill; Fourth, 82139, "No Husbands" syndicate, Mrs. T. Webb, IS Spruson Street, Neutral Bay. Lottery 1484 will be drawn on Monday. , BRITISH CABINET CHANGES LONDON, Friday. Important Cabinet changes made Lord Listowell, Secretary for India in place of Mr. Petliick Lawrence, who resigned. Other consequential Ministerial changes are: Minister without part folio, 'Mr. Arthur Greenwood; Lord Privy Seifl, Lord Inman; Post- master.General, Mr. Wilfred Paling; Minister for Pensions, Mr. J. B. Hynd; Dacliy of Lancaster, Lord Pakenham. 