Danes Want To Farm In Australia From ELIZABETH AULD LONDON-Once she can provide the ships, Australia will have no keener or better immigrants than young Danes anxious to take up farming with us—provided they don't go to South Africa, or Canada first.' Those countries are trying hard to I get them. In Denmark today every inch of cultivable land is occupied and only the rich or those who can in -herit can obtain a farm. So Den mark's young men—who take to the land as a duck takes to water—are turning long, interested eyes towards Australia. When I was in Denmark recently Mrs. N. Lagoni, of Melbourne, was speaking to the Danes about Aus- tralia on behalf of the British Council. She is Danish herself and. having brought up a family in Aus- tralia, is especially equipped to tell the Danes about us. From one end of Denmark to the other she was received with remarkable en thustasm, and every question under the sun was hurled at her from would-be migrants The fact that on Australian farms conditions would be much more difficult than in Denmark. where everything on a farm is more or less laid on, and where every neighbor is only a stone's throw away, and droughts as we know them are unknown, does not. deter them. They are not only looking for land of their own, they are looking to a fresh new land far away from Europe. Danes, like the British are weary, and the depressing burden of a Continent still down- and -out is very close alongside them. What is more, the Danes, almost alone in Europe, except for the Nor- weglans. are staunch supporters and admirers of the British. One only has only to open one's mouth to find every Dane within speaking distance anxious to help anyone from England. Practically every Dane who does not speak it already is learning English. Like every - other country in Europe, they look on England as the worst-fed nation in the world, and tell you proudly that they have no bacon for six years—it is all going to feed England and Holland. Who gets it in England we'd like to know here, but the Danes are making this sacrifice. They have beautiful meat and dairy produce and vegetables, but that is all they have got at present, In the topsy-turvy Continent today Danish chocolates are ex- ported to Sweden, Holland, and home of chocolates, Switzerland. There is nothing to buy in their shops. Shoes are so poor that they are made from Inferior material, on ancient lasts, with the soles stuck to the uppers with fish glue which does not hold them together for more than a few weeks. The Danes, to buy anything worth having, have to make a pil- grimage across to Sweden. There they buy their chocolates back, but not much else, as Sweden is not interested in their money, and it is very difficult for the Danes to obtain Swedish kroner. But these people don't regard themselves as badly off, however poor they may seem after Sweden. They regard themselves as lucky in the general post-war debacle, and their sympathy and admiration is for England. These are the people longing to come, in hundreds, to settle in Aus- tralia. Strangely, they resemble Australians in appearance. Except for the very blonde Danes, they are more like us than they are like the British, with the features of the portrait Digger and general color ing of Australians, perhaps from their open air lives Alongside the British they should be our best immigrants, definitely superior to other Europeans on the whole in their physique, and nearer to us in their outlook. Not only farmers, but builders, engineers trades people, all sorts, they are not afraid to tackle any job. Hard workers, too, they are pro-British and could be relied on to stand by the British Commonwealth in any crises. Let us get them out some- how before Canada or South Africa snavels them up. 