Cable Items In Brief (A.A.P.) U.S. Hurricane Threat I PENSACOLA (Florida). Friday: With the great Atlantic hurricane which on Wednesday swept South Florida now threatening a 500-mile stretch of coast, President Truman' last night proclaimed the Florida hurricane area to be In a state of. emergency- At that stage the hur- 1 rlcane. which had suddenly curved j northwards, moving in the dlrec-| tion of West Florida, was centred I about 190 miles south of Apala chola (Florida). Lowland residents along the Florida. Alabama, Missis sippi, and Louisiana coasts were warned to evacuate. Typhoon Deathroll TOKYO, Friday: Revised figures quoted oy the Kyodo Newsagency gives the casualty list In last Monday's typhoon as 1140 dead. 240 injured and 2184 missing. Bolivia Fears Civil War LAPAZ (Bolivia). Friday: De claring that fiie Government had evidence that seditious agitators were planning to unleash a bloody civil war, the President of Bolivia (Enrique Hertzo?) has proclaimed a state of siege throughout the country. He said the totalitarian national revolutionary movement was engaged in subversive activi ties and had plotted to overthrow the Government. British Miners' Wages LONDON, Friday: An all-round wage increase Is to be demanded for British miners, says the 'Dally Herald.' The national executive of the Mlneworkers' Union, In decid ing to press immediately for the increase, fixed no figure, but a minimum of £1 a week has been suggested — an Increase of £2 on present rates. The cost of this 'In crease to the National Coal Board would be £1,500.000 a week. Denmark 'Being Ruined' COPENHAGEN. Friday: Britain's food 'prices policv was ruining Den mark. said the President of the Danish Agricultural Council (H. Hauch) In a statement on* the breakdown of the Anglo-Danish trade talks- 'We want to main tain trade relations with Britain, but the consequence of British price policy would be the enfl of all trade, because in Denmark there .pwould be no ?production,' he said. ' Solomon 'Marxists' LONDON, Friday: The police in Malalta and Ysabel Islands, in the Solomons, have arrested the ring leaders of the 'Marxist Law move ment/' says the Colonial Office There has been considerable un | rest afcd defiance of the law in the Islands for some time. The Admir alty has denied that the islands are being patrolled by British warships but confirmed that the aircraft carrier Theseus and the destroyer Cockade are making a scheduled cruise in the area. Carol and Helena RIO DE JANEIRO, Friday: Ex King Carol announced that he and Princess Helena (formerly Magda Lupescu) are sailing for Lisbon to morrow and will live in Portugal. Princess Helena's health has much Improved although she Is still weak and thin. U.S. Defeat in China NEW YORK. Friday: 'The United States is on the verge of 'the greatest diplomatic defeat since the end of the war.' says William Newton. New York 'World- Telegram' correspondent In Shanghai. According to Newton, many well-informed sources believe that this will involve the transfer of all Manchuria to undisputed control by the Chinese Commun ists, as well as all other areas north of the Yellow River, thereby putting Russia In a dominant posi tion in the Far East. Indians in South Africa FLUSHING (NY). Friday: Full support to the Dominion of India's case against South Africa was pledged here by the leader of the Pakistan delegation to the General Assembly (Sir Zafrullah Khan) He expressed the opinion that the only solution of this problem was that Indians who have permanently settled in South Africa should be enabled to achieve full civic poli tical and national status in the Union. Jews 'Recalcitrant' LONDON Friday: Jewish Immi grants lodged in screening camps near Lubeck since their disembar kation from British transports at Hamburg on September 8 are still recalcitrant, says an official Brit ish report released in Berlin. It say s the Jews have persistently sabotaged efforts to question or screen them for classification. Cholera in Pakistan NEW DELHI. Friday: Riot- rav- aged Pakistan, faced with the fact that the outbreak of cholera among the thousands of refugees who are now spreading over the country carrying the disease with them, has appealed to France and Brit ain for antl-cholera vaccine. The epidemic has alreadv reached major proportions and preventive meas ures are proving extremely diffi cult. Indonesian Talks FLUSHING (N.Y.), Friday: Aus tralla and Belgium have chosen the United States as the third member of the committee estab lished by the Security Council to assist In negotiating a settlement oi the JndoiifiMfln conflict. 