[?] Another inch & he'd be champ 6 Vic Perry, of the stage pickpocket act, goes into training next week in quest of the world's most unusual athletic record. The world's chest-ex pansion - record is 10£ inches. Perry can expand 10 inches— from 50 inches to 60 inches. That's not just a claim, I've measured it. It explains why Perry al ways wears sloppy, loose- fitting clothes. In earlier days he used to take a deep breath, rip the buttons off his coat and shirt. He didn't get his massive ' chest development picking pockets on the vaudeville stage. Before he went on the boards he was a professional wrestler under the name of "Fingers" Orsini. Back in Manchester in 1938 he wrestled a draw with Jim Londos. one . of the present army of claimants to the world's heavyweight wrestling title. He had more than 100 bouts against English and American "heavies." collected the wrestl ers' usual trademarks — a flat tened nose and cauliflowered ears. Thev were a handicaD when he tried to break into the movie business, so he placed himself under a famous plastic sur geon. The surgeon gave him a new pair of shell-like ears. Vic had to wear pads over them for months, until they set in their present classic design. The surgeon, removed the bone from Vic's nose, modelled the new nose on that, of the late Laird Cregar, for whom Vic was acting as. a stand-in. He played in a few "Crime Doesn't Pay" shorts, went back to the stage again as a profes sional pickpocket. On the voyage to: Australia, Vic worked out with wrestlers Mais McLain and Chief Little Wolf. Head holds were barred. Plastic ears come very expen sive. Since he has been in Austra lia, he has worked out with veteran Sam Burmeister to keep himself iri shape. After another three months' training, Vic thinks he can make that extra inch in chest expansion, to achieve a , world record. The only trouble is that ne has forgotten just who holds the record. He wrestled with Toga books On his trips to Sydney for matches, Newcastle wrestler Leo Jensen always carries a mysteri ous kitbag. Dressing - room atten dants have hefted its weight, guessed that it contained about a cwt. of lead or pig-iron. The theory is that Leo, a physical culture fanatic, humps it about for exercise. Wrestlers are strange folk that way. But there is no real secret about the bag. It holds Leo's private library. His taste in literature is unusual. Here are some of his books: Dr. Bolbery on Hypno- Analysis; A Search in Secret India, by Paul Brunton; Dr. F. Rawson's Life Understood. There are also works by Dr. Bernard Hollander, Professor Bern Heim, and Louis Orton. Those familiar with these volumes have guessed by now that Leo is a .follower of the Yoga ascetic philosophy. He has practised, studied the Yoga teachings for many years. It began about 17 years ago in Canada. Leo, a cabin boy in a Danish windjammer, had jumped ship at Seattle, USA. With only five dollars in his pocket, he set off for Canada. He hoped to get a job in a logging camp, build up his weight to join the ranks of professional wrestlers. To save his boots he walked barefoot with his boots slung over his shoulders. He hitch hiked, slept in fields, "jumped the rattler." He fell in with a group of Hindus who practised the Yoga cult, studied their methods of immunising their bodies from pain. He was just becoming reaxly interested when immigration authorities picked him up, through an interpreter , told him he was to be shipped back to Denmark. A Danish contractor named Hans Petersen saved him from deportation. Leo" stayed with Petersen for three and a half years, working as a dogman oh skyscraper construction When he was ready he placed himself under contract to Emil Klapk. who used to manage the world wrestling champion Frank Gotch. He wrestled his way around the globe, first under Klank, then under Ted Thye, and then under Walter Miller. The. war marooned him An Australia He married a New castle girl, Gladys Pierre, now has a three-xyear-old son, Lee. All the -time Leo had been adding to his library of works on Yoga, became immersed in that strange philosophy. By the application of Yoga methods he claims to have in creased his height by one and a quarter inches in three weeks. As a further test he put on 181b. in weight in five days, then slimmed it off again, pure ly by mental control. He can stab his arms and body with pins, feel no pain. He sits, sleeps pn a hard floor. When wrestling in Brisbane last winter Leo injured his spinal muscles, was out of the game for three weeks. But the Yogis had a cure for it. He says he fixed himself up by mental thermolysis. His Yoga training entails hours of meditation. But, he explains, it must always be done while lying or reclining on something hard and uncom fortable. Leo's big aim is to prolong his life to 150 years. He says the Yogis can do it. But why? His dog could scent victory Last week jockey George Moore's wire- haired terrier, General, wandered away from home. All but ardent dog- lovers must have sniffed a little at the frantic ef forts to find him. Search parties of stableboys, schoolchildren on holidays, combed the Maroubra area where George lives. Radio stations put over calls giving General's description. Newspaper advertisements ap peared. A " handsome reward was offered. Three days later General was found. He had wandered into premises two doors away from the home of another jockey. Arthur Ward, had been made welcome. The excitement over his dis appearance is explained by the fact that in the Moore house hold General is accepted as an unfailing barometer of George's success. George says that when he rides a winner or two General is waiting for him at the gate, snuffles his legs, licks his hands. When George doesn't ride a winner, General won't have anything to do with him, sulks under the Chesterfield lounge. At first General's reactions to George's race-evening home comings were regarded as mere coincidence. But General hasn't made one mistake in the past year. And the effusiveness of his welcome is invariably commen surate with the number of win ners George rides. The day George kicked three home, General gave him the licking of his life. There have been many theor ies for General's apparent knowledge about happenings at Randwick. RosehiU or else where. An apprentice jockey friend with an earthy approach to such things, suggested that General might listen into the radio on race days. Nobody even bothered to answer him. A theory advanced by a dog vet., with an imagination, is that all human emotions are allied to body aroma. As the emotions change, so does the aroma. Only the hyper-sensitive nos trils of a dog can detect the change. So when George comes home flushed with success, General knows. To him it is like a whiff of Chanel No. 5. But when George arrives back depressed, with a succession of unplaced rides, bad luck in run- ,ning, .and possibly a reprimand, General sniffs that out. too, makes himself scarce. It probably reminds him of the Botany kennels, where he was whelped. So far General's almost psychic conduct has related to events that have already hap pened. George's big hope is that one day General might acquire the same prescience on Friday nights. The ring-in was fair dinkum 41 ' Fellow-apprentices re fer to young Athol Hazel- ton as the "ring-in" jockey. But there is noth ing; in that description to interest the stewards. The apprenticeship he now holds with Canter bury trainer Ossie Pettit was offered to Athol's brother, Ken. At that time Athol was milk ing cows atfa dairy, and helping with the morning milk deliv- eries He was unhappy in the job. So when the stable job came along Ken did the brotherly act and sent Athol along instead. Pettit didn't know for a day or so that he didn't have the right Hazelton. When he did, he didn't object, because Athol had shown himself very handy with horses. He hasn't regretted it since, because Athol, who bobbed up on an outsider, Kuvera . Hope, at Canterbury last month, is rated one of the most promising apprentices in the game. Brother Ken is happy, too. He got himself a job with a firm of film distributors, sees all the advance releases, is now on the way up. 1 PERRY I . . . ear trouble. v I 