THE EUROPEAN SCENE From F. E. BAUME MOST interesting question of the week is whether Britain, with the possible backing of America, will create economic sanctions against Bulgaria following the execution of Nikolai Petkov*, former leader of the Bulgarian Peasant Party. The Bulgarian Communist Govern ment, strengthened by growing sup port — and orders — from the Kremlin, is sneering at any protests by more civilised powers against what obvi ously has been brutal murder glori fied by the so- called patriotic exe cution of a traitor. From a military standpoint, and for that matter, from the standpoint of trade, of which tobacco is a major portion — and most of it goes to Rus sia — Bulgaria would not suffer much by sanctions, but they would be an earnest of western democratic horror at these continuing murders. Pre-war trade between England and Bulgaria concerned itself mostly with tobacco, sheep and lambskins and the attar of roses as far as Britain was concerned. Up to 1944, Bulgarian trade was generally in German hands and to day obviously it is conducted almost 99 per cent, with the Soviet. As one authority says: 'The Bul garian economy has not yet had time to adjust itself to the change of mar kets, so that present exchanges of goods are different from those ex changed before the war.' Communist influence throughout the country has grown to an unpre cedented extent, and it may be said that Bulgaria, with Yugoslavia, today stands as the 'model' of Soviet de sign. *Petkov was sentenced to death on August 16\. It was officially announced that the death sentence was for "having tried to overthrow the Government and restore Fascism." Petkov was hanged in the Cen tral Gaol at Sofia last Monday night. Warning To Poland IN the Bulgarian movement to day, there seems to be a new and direct warning to Poland. One observer says that following the Bulgar example, Communist con trolled police in Poland appear to be preparing new blows against Miko lajczik's Peasant Party. A military tribunal has sentenced the chief editor of Gazeta Ludowa, the party's only daily paper, to 15 years' hard labor. Only a week or so ago the same tribunal announced its verdict on Mr. Marzwa, the leader of the party in Cracow— a Peasant Party stronghold —sentencing him to 10 years' hard labor. He was alleged to be involved in a spy ring connected with the former Polish Government in London. Already the Communist paper Glos Ludu refers to Mikolajczik as the 'Polish Petkov.' Blackmail Was Out 'YOU can't blackmail Britain after all,' said a famous American during the week, having realised that Britain's Foreign Secretary (Mr. Ernest Bevin) dominated the 16-Power confer ence in Paris, largely helped by M. Herve Alphand, the French delegate, whose speed in arrang ing preliminaries in Paris was phenomenal. The anti- Europeans in America had little answer to the Paris statement that Europe would collapse without something more than mere stop-gap aid. Their coldest response, as we hear it in London, was to ignore Britain and complain bitterly that France was suffering from a rich uncle 'psychosis,' in regard to America. Even as the French conference was documenting the reasons why Europe would collapse, it was known in London that American officials have suggested that a few billion dollars more or less will not make any difference as long as Britain and Western Europeans show that they are planning for recovery and not for political purposes. As usual, the Ruhr coal problem, one of the reasons for Sir Sholto Douglas's resignation as British Com mander-in-Chief in Germany, is a legitimate American grievance. Britain and Germany have to pro duce more coal, and America, as Ernest Bevin says privately, has to finance the earlier operations in pro ducing it. Russia, baffled both at the U.N. and in Western Europe, can be relied upon to produce further 'events not fully foreseen.' Recovery Scheme IT is worth documenting the main details of the 16-nation recovery programme which is de- signed to achieve the following total results by 1951: AGRICULTURE: Bread, grain and other cereal production to be restored to the level before the war. Sugar and potato production to be largely increased with some increases in oil and fats. COAL: Output to be increased to 584,000,000 tons— a third higher than this year's output. ELECTRICITY: Output to be 40 per cent, above this year's level. OIL REFINING: To be two and a half times the level before the war. STEEL: Output to be 80 per cent above the 1947 level and 20 per cent above the 1938 level. With commendable realism Foreign Secretary Bevin admits that no plan for Europe now can exist unless large supplies of food, fuel, raw materials and equipment come from the Ame- rican continent. In other words, America is 'up' for about £stg.6,000,000,000, not all of which she will have to lay out HECTOR McNEIL .... forced a reply from the Russians. in dollars, but for all of which, in reality, she will have to carry re sponsibility. She can do it, says Bevin to his in timates. American credit today, in his opinion, must be released to Europe and the British Dominions as well as England. Possibly Ernest Bevin is one of the few men in Attlee's Cabinet who is not an 'irritating little Englander.' The direct challenge to Russia at the U.N. by the United States Sec retary of State (Gen. Marshall) may be one reason within the next few weeks why the Marshall Plan for the Western bloc will become something more than a mere picnic scramble for dollars. Outburst Was Planned THE outburst by the British Min ister of State (Mr. Hector McNeil) at the United Nations General Assembly when he de scribed Russia's charges that Bri tain and the U.S. were engaged in a campaign of war-mongering as 'cowardly nonsense,' was not an unplanned denunciation. For months Ernest Bevin, Mc Neil's chief, has been waiting for such a position to arise and McNeil's laudatory references to Churchill, al ways Bevin's friend, can be taken to indicate that the statement was one of highest British Government policy. Even as Trygve Lie, U.N. Secretary General, urged the stopping of quar rels (he was originally the Soviet nominee), British delegates were making it clear that their instructions were to force Russia, once and for all into the open. Either she would co-operate or she could retire, for another period of history, behind her iron cur tain. In the opinion of Britain's sup porters, the speed and efficiency of the Paris conference had been achiev ed only because the Russians were not present with their carping, pro crastinating spoke- in- the- wheel methods, their acerbity and their ir reconcilability. Whatever the Russian reply to Mc Neil — and he forced one when he said that possibly Russian oil was used by German bombers over England in 1940 — there will be no palliative to McNeil's assertions. Western Europe is being forced into position by Soviet diplomacy and Stalin's empire-building plan which, beyond doubt, today envisages at least two satellite European States — Bulgaria and Yugoslavia— as mem bers of the Soviet Union. ERNEST BEVIN . . . dominated the 16-Power conference. Pity The Poor Danes! THE outspoken attack by the New Zealand Prime Minister (Mr. Fraser) on the Bevin-Bea verbrook Axis' idea of Empire free trade has caused comment here. He indicated clearly that the Do minions' secondary industries would not be smashed in order to save those of Britain. A clear indication of England's in sularity in many things follows. It has to do with the recent breakdown in trade talks with Denmark, in which that well-fed little country asked outrageous prices for but ter and eggs, prices which, in comparison with those re ceived by Aus tralian and New Zealand exporters, were as a £10 note to a 10s note. Mr. Fraser Members of the Commons, such as Captain I. D. Gammans, and sundry officials of egg-packing concerns, are making the correspondence columns of The Times a snivelling ground of Danish propaganda in which the unhappy Danes are pictured as poor little people being robbed by meany, meany Britain. Neither Gammans nor the egg men, however, mention the British Commonwealth, which, I understand, Mr. Bevin thinks can save England. However, the Birmingham Post opens its columns on the other side. It points out that New Zealand has been paid only 166s a hundred weight for butter, as against 219s to Denmark, and that new prices for the first six months of 1947 are 187s to New Zealand against 248s 6d to Denmark. And there is reason to believe that the Danish case on production costs is not as real as Captain Gammans makes it appear. On The 'Black' 'THE Danes claim that they are selling 15 per cent of their exports to other countries at the price they claim from Britain. New Zealand sells Britain more than four times the quantity Den mark does, and as for the 15 per cent., well, most of the butter in other European countries is sold on the black market for prices running up to 10s lb. As James Dixon says in the Bir mingham Post: 'We must not ig nore in these critical days such a serious difference in Danish prices and those from Commonwealth sources. 'The Commonwealth has served Britain well indeed. Of course other countries pay more for Danish pro ducts. That is the whole story of European blackmarketing.' * * * Britain — A Prison Camp LET those in the British High Commissioner's Office at Can berra think well upon Dictator Attlee's newest edict — that men under 50 and women under 40 from Britain will have curtailed any chance of emigration to the Dominions. There is not so much difference between such a ukase and any pro hibition of Russians leaving their own country. The more desperate the British Government becomes the more totali tarian becomes its orders, which never see the light of day in Parlia ment, but simply add to a vicious list of Orders-in-Council from which the public has no redress. Judged by Australian standards, Britain has become a concentra tion camp. Months ago, this page, in the face of denials from Attlee, exposed the British Government view against im migration, showed how Lord Addi son tried to put it across Immigra tion Minister Calwell, and accused Attlee of double dealing in regard to migration tn Australia. There could be no better justifi cation for the exposure than this new Nazi-like order. But there are others as bad. A year ago Truth told of Attlee's hatred of the newspapers. Today's miserable sheets of four pages are in themselves censorship, forcing the Beaverbrook Group to engage pri vate halls throughout the country at which speakers may give criticism of Government and praise for that mat ter, for which there will be no space in the emasculated sheets. Canadian politicians who were here recently told me that long term arrangements could be made for newsprint if it were not for the British Government's refusal to al low any private dealing in the matter and its insistence on cuts. In other words, as Lady Rhondda, editor of Time and Tide, says: 'This is a state of control of newspapers.' And Books, Too Worse than this even is the new Licensing of Books Or der, which again is an abhorrent thing to the British people who have fought for Press freedom for 324 years. There was little public attention when the book order came out. The Board of Trade rule was that books 'for reading purposes,' could be im- ported only under licence. Already people are asking here whe ther the President of the Board of Trade (Sir Stafford Cripps) or other V.I.P.S. (very important persons) will be able to get books from abroad as easily as a train sleeping berth. And who issues the licence? Al ready Australia has suffered by the restriction of Australian-produced books for export to Britain. Now Mahatma Cripps literally bans history, philosophy and politics as far as foreign books are concerned. The original ban on Australian books had to do with fiction. Really, is there very much dif ference, save for the absence of torture and the Gestapo, between the present Eng lish slave state and the original Hitler one? Or will the time come when per haps Churchill's memoirs will be Sir Stafford Cripps burned publicly by Government order in Trafalgar Square? The British Government bans books, yet it had to be forced by public opinion and newspapers to take any action against the Mosley-inspired Fascists whose revival in England even led the New York Times to remark that the re vival of Nazi Fascism in this country was a mounting menace to the peace of England. 