Australia can't afford to be so smug If we want migrants we must woo them By DR. EMERY BARCS SUMMING up the offi cial Danish attitude towards emigration Mr. G. M. Rottboll , Denmark's new Minister to Australia, said this week that although his government would not actively en courage Danes to emigrate, it would try to help people who want to come here. He added that in his opinion Australia would be unable to re ceive Scandinavian migrants tor two years because the bulk of migrants would come from Britain first." The official attitude on the Conti nent towards emigration varies from lukewarm toleration to outright pro hibition- Today, the . emigration psychosis which was a consequence of wartime privations and fears is either slowly receding or is being repressed by force. Eastern Europe in the Soviet orbit has accepted the Russian non-exit policy for its citizens. Today it is virtually impossible to leave Poland, which wants to populate its newly- acquired German provinces with Poles. Totalitarian Yugoslavia doesn't al low anyone to leave the country. Neither does Groza's Rumania and Dimitrov's Bulgaria. There is' an in creased propaganda against emigra tion in Hungary, and also in poverty- %tricken Greece. These countries,, togetner with Italy, Spain and Portugal, have provided the bulk of European immigrants to overseas countries for the past cen tury. But Spaniards and Portuguese won't go anywhere but to Latin- America-, which will also become the main goal- of Italians. ' And what about Western ' and Northern Europe? ! Prance, which has ja steadily falling birthrate, has set but deliberately to encourage migrants. The slogan "populate or perish " is being taken so seriously that: the French are thinking of accepting German P.O.W.'s who are reliable and would marry French girts. Last December, when Australia was trying to get building tradesmen and blacksmiths from Holland, the Dutch Government's semi-official paper, "De Nederlander," declared: "At the moment we cannot possibly spare these and consequently co-operation of the Netherlands Government cannot be expected." The remaining countries, Belgium, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, > and Fin land are insignificant from; the view point of- mass emigration. They are especially unimportant as a source of migrants for Australia. In the 20 years between 1919- and 1939, Australia's net gain of migrants from these Northern European coun tries was fewer than 200. But who, then, are the potential European migrants? First, they are the 4,000,000 to 5,000,000 displaced persons who can not, or do not, want to return to their own countries. Perhaps half of the remaining 1,600,000 European Jews want to emigrate. Smaller groups consist of political exiles or self exiles like General An ders' Polish Army,. Yugoslav royalists, . and Eastern European refugees, aris- tocrats, plutocrats, and middle-class people who are not happy with the new semi-totalitarianisms in their part of Europe. There are, of course, hundreds of thousands of small-time Nazis and . Fascists who would gladly leave Europe where they face a hopeless future. All this reduces to a few thousands the number - of potential European migrants whom governments of coun tries seeking migrants would term "most suitable;" They aire people with some means who can at least pay their own fares, and who have a small sum for starting a farm, a business, or ar workshop. In the competition for them, Aus tralia's hopes aren't too bright. Even if all the 100,000 or more Britishers , who have registered in Australia House, London, would come here, this would cover only one and a half to two years of the Australian , Govern ment's goal of 70,000 immigrants a year. Most Australians would "prefer Northern European migrants, once the British pool is exhausted. This preference is entirely emo tional. Scandinavians may person ally be nice fellows, but immigration statistics prove that most of them return home. Canada and South Africa are also competing for the few tens of thous ands of British and Scandinavian migrants.' These migrants, however, may not listen to - the . invitations of the three Dominions, and they- may accept invitations from, the: greatest competitors in postrwar immigration— the Latin- American countries. ' . Some of these countries, especially Argentina and Brazil, have immigra tion schemes which are bound to at tract hundreds - of thousands, of Europeans. These schemes have two advantages — they offer financial assist ance -and do not discriminate -between European races. \Ar GENTINA wants 250,000 migrants within the next ' five years, promises good land at a fair price; The. migrant will have to pay 10 per cent, in cash and the rest m 30 to 50 years. Jf two children are born in the Argentine he will obtain a deduction of 30 per cent. fronTthe purchase price ,of. his land. For three children, the deduction will' be 50 per cent." Five or more children will cut the price by 75 per cent. Brazil has already despatched three missions to German, and . Austrian refugee and displaced persons' camps. These missions plan to organise the migration of 120,000 people a year. Brazil is also using high-pressure ad vertising methods, : promising cheap land and immense mining and forestry opportunities., . .../ Venezuela has a similar mission in the UB. zone of Germany. It is selecting 50,000 migrants. Ecuador, Peru, Chile, and Mexico have an nounced that their missions will go to Europe in the near future. All this indicates that . Latin- America is on the job of getting the best available human material. If the Danish Minister is right, and most probably he is, that Australia willrie. unable to receive many migrants for another two years, then this country s immigration prospects become even dimmer. . Of course, Latinr America has;great ; advantages over Australia. It did not fight a world war. The housing pro blems of Buenos Aires; Rio de Janeiro, and other cities are small affairs com- Sared with the housing, shortage here. Core ships are also plying between Europe and Latin-America .than between Europe and Australia. Latin-American propaganda is Skil ful, riot only ; because ' it ' promises . fin ancial help: arid good possibilities. but also because it stresses the lack ' of racial prejudice, against the migrant. This greatly differs 1 from the atti tude of those Australians who consider immigration vitally- important, but are apologetic about anyone but British ers and "Nordics." AuUSTRALIANS , have : no reason to complain about their immi grants, whether they are allegedly "superior" Nordics or "inferior" Southern' and Eastern Europeans. Criminal statistics are good barom eters of the average moral standing of the newcomers, and of the foreign colonies under the process of being assimilated. Often the migrants' crim inality is higher than that of the orig inal population, though that hasn't been Australia's experience. To satisfy my own curiosity, I have repeatedly tried to track down gener alised charges about aliens running most of King's Cross boarding and apartment' houses, participating in city office and shop-lending rackets, operating black-market rings and backyard sweat shops. Whenever I have approached the accusers for further evidence and promised to put the offender to ' the public pillory, the accuser has invari ably refused me. the details. This doesn't mean that all migrants are faultless angels. It doesn't even mean that Australia should open its gates indiscriminately to everyone. A sensible selection is imperative. But it is riot a sensible selection to accept a man because hie has blue eyes and reject another one. with brown eyes, or to admit ; somebody because he was born in Oslo, and . to block the door to a man born near Athens, Rome, Or Dubrovnik. Australia may get migrants in spite of the tough post-war competition if it bases its selection on human values. But it will get very few, if it bases admission on unscientific prejudices and insular emotionalism. j 