h)rmw9\WtfmiMuvn.\ UUTHANASIA (easy death for incurable victims of pain ful disease) was condemned by Cardinal Griffin, of Westminster, in a speech in Birmingham (England on rPllnurl-lir I Doctors, he said, should not permit their profession to be so degraded that they became State sxecutioners. God had made an in flexible rule that no one had the right to take his own life, or to illow others to take it for him. The Nazis, he added, had pre scribed both euthanasia and the sterilisation of the unfit, and the world knew of the resultant liorrible crimes.— (A. A.P.) BUTTEK.— Russia has decided to ouy Denmark's butter surplus, which wa.s previously exported to Britain, says the London Daily Telegraph's Copenhagen corre spondent. Russia, until January I, is to import 6000 tons of Danish autter at 3/4 a lb.— a price Britain refused to pay. — (A.A.P.) FRANCE.— The administrative commission of the French Gen eral: Labour Confederation (the French equivalent of the British T.U.C.) has issued a resolution expressing 'the growing discontent Df the French workers,' says Reuters Paris correspondent, at the continual rise in the cost of living, the 'crushing taxes,' arid food difficulties.— (A.A.P.) Tf/E Wiiiled Slate* 1,,,% rfc *? citled not to accept the Italian nnvnt vesiclx allotted to her under the. Italian peace treaty, but wislict the. icors/ii/M to he scrapped, and the material, uxed by Italy ax a contribution to Italy'* recovery. —(A.A.P.). JEWS. — British intelligence sfficers have finished questioning the illegal Jewish immigrants orought from Port Debouc (south eastern France) to Germany in British transports, says the British United Press Berlin correspond ent, the barbed wire barriers have now been removed from the camps ?o which the Jews were taken on their arrival at Hamburg.— (A.A.P.) DAPTISTS ? The world i* mov *-* ing closer to a just and honourable peace, said President Truman in the Washington Itaptist Church on Tuesday night. He was addressing one of a series nf services marking the transfer from London to Washington of the headquarters of the Baptist World Alliance. The oversea speakers included the Rev Dr. C. J. Tinxley of Australia. — (A.A.P.) ? 