U.S. Strategy In Far East "China Relegated To | , Secondary Role" . j NANKING: "The Chinese have been relegate!} to a secondary role and Japan elevated .to a. pos ition of . major - importance^ in terms of -American strategy In the Far:> East,'? .writes Dr Fei Hsiao.. Tung, professor of sociol ogy at Tslnghua University, and one of the' leading political and sociological authorities in China in a newspaper, article. "The. Chinese Government, * as a result, will receive only a mini mum .of - assistance and* support from the United States," he adds, "and Washington'' will, concen trate on . rebuilding and stabilis ing Japan economically., and. po litically. "Strategic considerations over shadow r all. other ? American for eign policies, because, of her/riv alry with,?> Russia.^ The United States wants-a peaceful, prosper ous pro-American China, but has found ;the present National Gov ernment an : incompetent Instru ment to .^york; with. ' "Japan .is much-more useful to the United States politcally,: geo graphically : ; and r- strategically. With' the stationing. of--a. formid able navy and! air force, in: Jap an; she would be in a position to blockade the continent: 'The: best the : United . States hopes to ac complish in China is, to prevent her being'drawn, into/ the ;Soviet orbit; and to help her achieve economic recovery."- < .; Dr Ffei --'-'- 'that even ifthe present Government were ' over thrown in a . civil '.war the United States would have little to lose In her .defence system vin :the Pacific.; A 'continent facing, eco nomic disaster isVa liability: rath er 'than an asset. COPENHAGEN: The. Austral Ian Minister for' Immigration (Mr A. Av Calwell) said1 he had made no agreement with Denmark for the migration, of displaced . per sons to Australia because-of Den mark's labour shortage, .a w Mr: Calwell- met .representatives of the -. Danish Foreign Ministry, the Labour Ministry and w the Emigration- Committee, also the new/'-.Ddnlsh commercial attache for Sydney (Mr P. Hennlng. Her gel). Mr Calwell .will now go to Oslo. 