ROUND-UP OF NEWS Adelaide Death Leap A young woman jumped to death from the seventh floor of the Savings Bank in King William Street, Adelaide, on Monday. Two men who had rushed to the window sill on which she was standing, grasp- ed her by the legs but lost their-grip when she struggled violently. She was Miss Eton Vivienne Kean* of Brigalow Avenue, Kensington Gardens. Mon's Lovely Legs A middle-aged man defeated ll girls in the second heat of a lovely legs contest at Goul- burn and has entered the finals. A curtain showed only the competitors legs to the audience, which determined the placings by applause. The man, Frederick Newling, shav- ed his legs, applied suntan lotion and wore women's sports shoes. Submerged For Weeks The British submarine Alli- ance has completed a cruise in which she remained continu- ally submerged for several weeks. The submarine used a development of the schnorkel breathing tube device, which German U-boats adopted late in the war. During the cruise a newly-married member of the crew wrote 120 letters with no hope of posting them. 1 More Cotton A British textile firm plans tb erect large spinning mills at Rocklea, Brisbane, next year. Another company wu! erect mills at Toowoomba, Queens- land. Queensland expects to have a big increase in cotton production in the next few years; The Minister for Agri- culture, Mr. Collins, says that present prices to the growers are too low and will have to be increased. Thought Control Thirty-five thousand univer- sity students ate striking in several Chinese cities in protest against newly-announced Kuo- mintang (government party) thought control measures. Stu- dents are also demanding an end to the civil war and to ILS. intervention in China. They are particularly incensed at the advice recently offered Kuomintang leaders by "un- official" American emissary William C. Bullitt. He propos- ed that the government con- script into its civil war army all students who oppose civil Federal Politics For Clarey A.C.T.U. president Mr. Clarey will contest the Bourke (Vic.) seat now held by Mrs. Black- burn (Ind. Lab.) at the next Federal election. Mr. Clarey is 57 and is the opposition leader in the Victorian Legislative ! Council. He held the post of Minister for Labour in the re- cent Cain Government. Lobour Win Labour won the NJ5.W. Hart- ley seat in Saturday's by-elec- tion. Official Labour candi- date, Mr. J. Chalmers, will have an absolute majority of approx- imately 1000 over his Liberal Party and Independent Labour opponents. Lock, Stock and Barrel A Danish firm is moving its whole factory to Western Aus- tralia. The manager, Mr. Hans Neilsen, said in Fremantle that 53 tons of - machinery and 28 employees and their families would come to Australia, and the firm will commence the manufacture of agricultural machinery. Premier To Resign Tasmanian Premier Cosgrove! will lesign from office immedi- ! ately* the indictment against him has been filed. His resig- nation will carry with it the resignation of the Government also. Deputy Premier Brooker will be sworn in as Premier. These decisions were made earlier in the week by the Parliamentary Labour Party. The Attorney-General, Mr. Fagan, who will become Depu- ty Premier, said that it was not known when the indictment would be filed. Miners Again Break Record A - I In Britain's nationalised ^Sal industry miners have again established a new record for a, week's production, with 4350,000 tons, nearly 60,000 tons more than the previous week. This is the highest week's production since before the war, ana is the seventh con- secutive week in which miners have exceeded their target. The year's production target will be easily surpassed. Recruiting for the nuning in- dustry is now achieving suc- cess under nationalisation. Peanuts A record peanut planting is expected in Queensland by the Dept. of Agriculture this year. Over 50,000 acres have been planted in the South Burnett and Monto districts, while small plantings have, been made in the Burdekin and Mackay districts and a start made in Atherton. Bonk Nationalisation Delayed ^ In the High Court on Mon- day, Mr. Justice Dixon granted private trading banks and the States of South Australia, Vic- toria and Western Australia, an injunction restraining the Commonwealth from proceed- ing with the nationalisation of j banks. The suit will be refer- red to the Full High Court on January 15. Wonts Bloc Decisions Britain wants to ban the United Nations principle of Big 4 unanimity (veto) at the preliminary conference to draft the Japanese peace treaty. These views were contained in notes from Mr. Bevin to China and the Soviet Union. The notes reject the Russian pro- posal for Four-Power talks on Japan. Baldwin Dead Bari Baldwin, three times Prime Minister of Britain, has died at the age of 80. He was leader of the government dur- ing the famous British general strike of 1926, and during the constitutional crisis bf 1936 which led to the abdication of the present Duke of Windsor. Dogs Life With Cots A man who said that his wife kept 30 cats and preferred them to him was granted a divorce in England on the grounds of cruelty and deser- tion. Dutch Flout Cease-fire The Dutch Government is sending more troops to Indo- nesia and expects to have 84,000 there next year. A Batavia message states that fighting has again flared up. The Indonesian Prime Minis- ter (Sjarifoeddin) in a note to the U.N.O., states that Dutch aggression continues and is aimed at complete annihilation cf the Republic. Minister Challenged The Minister for immigra- tion (Mr. Calwell) has been challenged to prove the accur- acy of his statement that one of the 14 Malayans to be de- ported has wives in Indonesia as well as an Australian wife. The challenge was made by Mrs. Osman, Australian wife of one of the men to be deported. Visas Refused The British Government re- fused to issue visas to 17 Ger- mans elected by the Socialist Unity Party's People's Con- gress to place its views before the Foreign Ministers' Confer- ence. Mor jorie Lawrence In Chicago Australian soprano Marjorie. Lawrence last week stood throughout a performance for the first time in more than six years. She contracted infantile par- alysis in , Mexico in May, 1941. She made her first stage re- appearance in New York 18 months later, when she sang reclining on a couch. Grain For Britain Grain from Russia's 1947 harvest is expected to be de- livered to Britain in the next two months under the new Anglo-Soviet trade agreement, which will mean more meat j and eggs for the people of Britain. | On The Dole The people of Britain will pay £40,000 per year as an allowance to Princess Elizabeth for life, while ner husband will be "wiped" with the miser- ly sum of £10,000 per year. Quite a number of cads in the British Parliamentary Labour Party wanted to reduce the total allowance by £10,000, but the Prime Minister and his supporters defeated this das- tardly plot, and the Govern- ment motion in Commons will specify the full amount. This increase of £35,000 per year to the income of the Royal lovebirds will help to eke out Philip's Navy pay, which will also be increased by £4/7/6 per week now that he is married, plus living-put and messing allowance since his posting to London. Wont Less Tripe The Broken Hill Australian Journalists' Association Branch will ask the local Federal mem- ber of Parliament, Mr. J. J. Clark, to assist in moves to have the Federal Government abolish the importation of syndicated comic strips and articles, etc., from America. 