[?] ur Ki»ii£n»cKLu::::<flaBcamUHa FROM OIJR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOUEI No. 22 CALWELL'S HAUNTING FEAR.— Carrying with him "a haunting fear that Japan will rise again before Australia has doubled her population" Immigration Minister Calwell flew to London and Europe a few days ago "to get ships, ships and more ships." Not long ago Calwell, a third genera tion Australian with a mixed Welsh- Irish- American ancestry, told a Dan ish journalist he would "never go out- sidd Australia." Prime Minister Chif- ley is sending him "because you, Ar thur, can find out what lies behind the shipping hold-up in London." So the one-time isolationist, the same man who used to breathe fire and brimstone about British Imperial ism, the anti-eonscriptionist who even during the regime of the wartime C'urtin Government objected to any compulsory military service. Arthur Augustus Calwell is now among the dignified of Whitehall. Off-stage, Calwell is a thoroughly likeable per son. His vituperation comes largely from reading the fiery debates of the Federation period and his belief that personal invective is the seasoning of political debate. Handling Immigra tion portfolio he has dropped this habit and made friends among the Opposition parties and influenced the most conservative party people. "DISAPPOINTED.' — On the eve of his departure I "quizzed" him about his hopes. He was, he said, "profoundly disappoint ed that the logic of the Australian case for more immigrant ships has, not brought better results." He re- i called that when the Prime Minister, was in London early in 1946 it was: indicated that by the end of 1947 the| number of berths would be about 35,-' 000 for the ensuing year. For each' subsequent year the number of berths; was to increase until by the end of j 1950 Australia would have an excess of 70,000 arrivals over departures.! The fact is that now, at the end ofi 1947, Britain offers only 6,000 berths! for the" whole of this year while 186,-1 000 immigrants are registered in1 London . . . hence Calwell's fright | and flight. TOUGH BRITISH ARGUMENT.— j There seems no doubt from com- j ments made here by the officers of the j British High Commissioner's office that while theoretically Britain offers! the maximum freedom to her subjects ; to go anywhere to live her dire needi for manpower for reconstruction makes her very stubborn about sup-| plying ships to bring thousands of the picked artisans, the most enter prising people in the community to. Australia. P.M. Chiflley insists oni ten Britishers for every other migrant and things Arthur can get behind this British argument. Admitting Britain's need, Calwell has Cabinet instructions to point out that Australia has now undertaken a heavier share of British defence than ever before — some British Conserva tives, who remember the early 1940's, may smile wryly at the changed Arthur — and that without population Australia cannot play her part in de centralising the British Common wealth of Nations. Defence Minister John Dedman. has gone a few days ahead to underline this defence angle so recently announced. And — another political irony — Transport Minister Eddie Ward- is busy at Geneva asking that all Aus tralian mandated territory, and es pecially ' Manus Island (where the U.S.A. spent 200,000,000 dollars in fortifications during the war) be placed under the new United Nations Trusteeship system. Why? Yes, Eddie will have to say it — "so that Australia can make Manus Island a strong naval base for British Emipre defence." And Calwell will remark to the British Ministers who applaud this Australian proposal, "Manus Island is of little strategic value un less there are enough Australians to occupy it and be behind it." FARMERS WANT MIGRANTS.— These are some of the currents be hind the Australian immigration and defence policies. At home, the Chifley Government's major worry on these policies, however, is tiiax, according to departmental surveys, there are 47,000 more positions available in Australia than there are workers to fill them . . . they are jobs like , dom estic service in homes, in hospitals and other institutions, nursing, all phases of building, specialised engin eering and sheer hard unskilled lab ouring. Experience has proved to the Government that few Australians will accept employment on big engineer ing undertakings which form part of the next five years of public works. An infusion of new preuuctive peo ple is ' the intention. In Calwell's mail, a few days before he left, were many letters from prim ary producers, especially in N.S.W. 1 and Queensland, asking for their for mer Italian prisoners-of-war workers back as Australian citizens. S6 that Calwell tells doubters among the I Labour Party that he knows of "10,- 000 farms where there are rooms and, in some instances, houses, awaiting immigrants who will work hard." Un less he can persuade Britain to re lease the ships he fear's Canada and South Africa will get the English people we need; or he will be obliged to bring displaced persons from Europe in thousands in foreign ships. OVERTIME TAXATION.— With so many Cabinet Ministers abroad Chifley is spending most of June out of Canberra as far away from the National Capital as Western Australia where the Labour flag has been laid low by the new Liberal Government. Chifley is aiso in minor strife with the South Australian branch of the A.L.P. because he re jected everyone of a long list of taxa tion demands which they put to him very hopefully. He knocxed back any suggestions "no taxation for over time," because "overtime earnings- are clearly income and any departure from this would make it impossible for the Government to resist similar claims for other classes of income outside noi'mal earnings." Chif. thinks he has been amazingly generous already. -He quietened the Parliamentarians with a tenner rise and July 1 is not far behind ! FOUR AUSTRALIAN CLASSES.— Interesting statistics released the other day from . .the Treasury have been under the taxation microscope this week. Last year 1,421,000 or 72.5 per cent, of the working popula tion were in the £400 a year class, 482,130 or 24.5 per cent, were in the £400-£l,000 a year class, 57,110 or 2.9 per cent, in the £1,000-£5,000 a year class and 2,330 or 0.1 per cent, in the over £5,000 a year class. So where are the rich men ? Can the 2.9 per cent, carry the heaviest burden of taxation indefinitely? And these are Treasury questions, not mine ! CANBERRA'S ICY WINDS.— Governor General W. J. McKell and Her Excellency Mrs. McKell are still off the visiting lists to the various State Government Houses. Shivering in the exile of remote "Yarralumla" the former Premier is making a valiant effort to break through the icy social cold far chillier than the icy winds now blowing off the Alps. Some of Canberra's "untouchables" waited half-hopefully, half-fearfully lest the- King's Birthday Honours con tain a McKell knighthood. They had scarcely breathed again, when, at a party given on his retirement, Six Leighton Bracegirdle, formerly Sec retary to the King's brother, revealed that when told of the McKell appoint ment "and the attitude of some;" the. Duchess of Gloucester flashed, "If any man or woman fails to pay due respect to our successor, then he or she is guilty of an insult to the King." . Strange — but more names are ap pearing on the Government House visitors book ! 