FESTIVE OBSERVANCE OF CHRISTMAS Family Reunions And Day At Holiday Resorts With a maximum temperature of 100deg., recorded at 3.10 p.m., Christmas Day, celebrated in traditional Australian style yesterday, was the hottest experienced by Perth residents since 1915. Morning church services were largely attended. Many persons spent the day out t of doors at beach and country holi- F day resorts, most of which are b booked out, while others stayed at home and participated in family re unions over the festive board. It was the third peacetime Christmas / since 1938 and was enjoyed with all I the pleasure of pre-war days. c It was pleasing for holiday- C makers that the weather took a turn for the better. Early this week con- I ditions were inclined to be wintry, t but on Wednesday clouds and bleak t winds began to disappear and yes- a terday a hot sun shone from a clear c blue sky. b A feature of the day was the t absence of road traffic up to 3 p.m. d Afterwards the number of motor c cars about increased appreciably as v the hot weather enticed people to a the ocean beaches and riverside re sorts in search of relief from the S heat. A number of accidents were C reported. All places 'of entertainment were c closed throughout the day. As a! result a bigger radio audience than a usual listened in last night to the Christmas Empire-wide broadcast from the B.B.C. from 10 to 11 o'clock (West Australian time). The I broadcast was made more interesting by a personal broadcast message I from the King in which he gave his subjects throughout the Empire his f best wishes. CHRISTMAS EVE. b Compared with pre-war Christmas t Eves-when the late shopping night t helped to maintain conviviality and the celebration of V-E Day and t V-P Day, Christmas Eve, 1947,7 seemed to lack the spirit of gaiety customary at Perth celebrations. "A pretty tame affair" was how one traffic constable, with years of ex perience in handling festive crowds, I summed it up. Hotels were kept busy, with the d t demand for bottles seeming almost c uriquenchable, but most publicans I t reported that business was not ab- f normally brisk for a special t occasion. During the.early part of the day, the shops were thronged with per sons who had either disregarded the "shop early" appeals or who were making hurried last-minute pur t chases to guard against the em barrassing moment of finding them \- selves without a present for some person who had unexpectedly "come I to light" Then, about 4 p.m, the I lull set in. The crowds either moved on to the hotels or went home to I prepare for Christmas Eve parties. Vendors of toy balloons, paper = hats and whistles, at their stands early for any stray business, viewed the poor early evening crowd with dismay; from 8 p.m. to '10 pan. busi-' ness brightened a little, but the street traders had to exercise all their wiles to sell their wares. The majority of purchasers were groups of youths. Police on duty in the city had little difficulty in handling the crowds. Reasons advanced by them for the lack of jubilation were that most people during, the war had found lttle advantage in visiting a blacked-out city and had arranged private functions in their homes and r had retained the custom. SMany firms arranged functions t for their staffs either on Christmas I Eve or on Tuesday. Theatres on _ Christmas Eve repoited that busi- t ness generally was slack, although this was mainly due to the fact that programmes which had already run for a week or more were being tshown. "Cinderella," a pantomime, % which was staged at the Tivoli i Theatre, attracted a large number of children. CAROLS FESTIVAL. In a sylvan setting in the lower Supreme Court Gardens "Carols by e Candlelight," which is becoming a feature of Christmas Eve in Perth, s attracted a crowd estimated at 8,000. r Candles were obtained at the gate 1 and their flickering light through out the garden made an impressive setting for the festival. From 8.30 to 9.45 p.m. the large crowd was entertained by a pro= gramme of band selections and other musical items from the Perth Highland Pipe Band and assisting artists. Torch-bearers then arrived with the: massed choirs of the Met e ropolitan Gleemen and Gleewomen sland the West Australian Choral So Sciety and the Salvation Army Perth ' Fortress Band. From 10 p.m. to -lmidnight well-known carols were sung by the choirs. Those of the : crowd with programmes joined in e the singing. A similar programme d was held in Melbourne and during I the evening messages from the Lord Mayor of Melbourne (Cr. F. R. Connelly) and the Lord Mayor of Perth (Mr. J. Totterdell) were broadcast. At midnight the audience formed groups to sing "Auld Lang Syne." Supporting artists at the festival were Ante Soljanic, Gwen Cordingly, Henry Cochran and others. The carols were compered by Chris Christensen. A Christmas tree placed by the Perth Apex Club outside the en trance to Government Gardens at the corner of St George's-terrace and Barrack-street on Wednesday, on which the public was invited to hang gifts for tubercular children, became loaded three or four times during the day and had to be cleared of presents. Many money donations were also lodged in the container at the foot of the tree. Gratification at the public re sponse was expressed yesterday by the president of the club (Mr. H. C. Elliott). He said that tuber cular children in the Children's Hos pital and other institutions would all benefit from the gifts. QUIET HARBOUR. On the first day of the "closed" period over Christmas, Fremantle Harbour was comparatively deserted yesterday. For most of the day the only ships alongside were the cargo liner City of Cape Town, the freighter Fresno City, the interstate freighter Inchmark, and the light house tender Cape Otway. Late in the afternoon they were joined by the steamer Misr, bringing a large number of alien immigrants to Aus tralia, and the Danish motorship Java. In Gage Roads there are two vessels, the Idomeneus, which will berth tomorrow, and the Eden bank, which will berth on Decem ber 29. With few ships in port, seamen's welfare organisations in Fremantle did not have large numbers of ships' companies to cater for yesterday. However, special entertainment ef forts will in most cases continue throughout the week until the New Year. The crews of ships which arrve meantime will share the usual Christmas cheer, even if be latedly, with their more fortunate fellow-seamen who were in port on Christmas Day. BOXING DAY FIXTURES. Today, Boxing Day, the holiday spirit is expected to be intensified. Picture theatres will reopen and a variety of sporting attractions have been arranged, including racing and trotting. At the Perth racecourse the Karrakatta Plate and the West Australian Derby will be run and at Gloucester Park this evening more divisions of the Christmas Handi cap will be contested. 