In Canberra Today FROM OUR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOUSE CAIWELL'S HAUNTING FEAR Carrying with him "a haunting fear that Japan will rise again before Aus- tralia has doubled her population," Immigration Minister Calwell flew to London and Europe a few days ago "to get ships, ships and more ships." Not long ago Calwell, a third genera- tion Australian with a mixed Welsh- Irish- American ancestry, told a Danish journalist he would "never go outside Australia." Prime Minister Chifley is sending him "because you, Arthur, can find out what lies behind the shipping hold-up in London." So the one-time isolationist, the man who used to breathe fire and brim- stone about British Imperialism, the anti-conscriptionist who, even during the regime of the war-time Curtin Government objected to any compul- sory military service, Arthur Augustus Calwell is now among the dignified of Whitehall. Off- stage, Calwell is a thoroughly likeable person. His vitu- peration comes largely from reading the fiery debates of the Federation period and his belief that personal in- vective is the seasoning of political debate. Handling Immigration port- folio he has dropped this habit and made friends among the Opposition parties and influenced the most con- servative party people. On the eve of his departure I asked him about his hopes. He was, he said, "profoundly disappointed that the logic of the Australian case for more immi- grant ships has not brought better re- sults." He recalled that when the Prime Minister was in London early in 1946 it was indicated, that by the end of 1947 the number of berths would be about 35,000 for the ensuing year. For each subsequent year, the number of berths was to increase until by the end of 1950 Australia would have an excess of 70,000 ar- rivals over departures. The fact is that now, at the end of 1947, Britain offers only 6000 berths for the whole of this year, while 186,000 immigrants are registered in London . . . hence Calwell's fright, and flight. British Argument There seems no doubt from com- ments made here by the officers of the British High-Commissioner's office that while theoretically Britain offers the maximum freedom to her subjects to go anywhere to live, her dire need for man-power for reconstruction makes her very stubborn about sup- plying ships to bring thousands of the picked artisans, the most enterprising people in the community, to Austra- lia. Prime Minister Chifley insists on ten Britishers for every other migrant, and thinks Arthur can get behind this British argument. Admitting Britain's need, Calwell has Cabinet instructions to point out that Australia has now undertaken a heavier share of British defence than ever before — some British Conserva- tives, who remember the early 1940's, may smile wryly at the changed Ar- thur — and that without population Australia cannot play her part in de- centralising the British Common- wealth of Nations. Defence Minister John Dedman has gone a few days ahead to underline this defence angle so recently announced. And — another political irony — Trans- port Minister Eddie Ward is busy at Geneva asking that all Australian mandated territory, and especially Manus Island (where the U.S.A. spent 200,000,000 dollars in fortifications dur- ing the war) be placed under the new United Nations Trusteeship system. Why? Yes, Eddie will have to say it — "so that Australia can make Manus Island a strong naval base for British Empire defence." And Calwell will remark to the British Ministers who applaud this Australian proposal, "Manus Island is of little strategic value unless there are enough Austra- lians to occupy it and be behind it." Farmers Want Immigrants These are some of the currents be- hind the Australian immigration and defence policies. At home, the Chif- ley Government's major worry on these policies, however, is that, ac- cording to departmental surveys, there are 47,000 more positions available in Australia than there are workers to fill them. They are jobs like domestic service in homes, in hospitals and other institutions, nursing, all phases of building, specialised engineering, and sheer hard unskilled labouring. Experience has proved to the Govern- ment that few Australians will accept employment on big engineering under- takings which form part of the next five years of public works. An in- fusion of new productive people is the intention. In Calwell's mail a few days before he left, were many letters from prim- ary producers, especially in New South Wales and Queensland, asking for their former Italian prisoners-of-war work- ers back as Australian citizens. So that Calwell tells doubters among the Labour Party that he knows of "10,000 farms where there are rooms and, in some instances, houses, awaiting im- migrants who will work hard." Unless he can persuade Britain to release the ships, he fears Canada and South Af- rica will get the English people we need; or he will be obliged to bring displaced persons from Europe in thousands in foreign ships. Overtime Taxation With so many Cabinet Ministers abroad, Chifley is spending most of June out of Canberra, going as far away, from the National Capital as Western Australia, where the Labour flag has been laid low by the new Lib- eral Government. Chifley is also in minor strife with the South Austra- lian branch of the A.L.P. because he rejected every one of a long list of tax- ation demands which they put to him very hopefully. He knocked back any suggestion of "no taxation for over- time," because "overtime earnings are clearly income and any departure from this would make it impossible for the Government to resist similar claims for other classes of income outside normal earnings." Chif thinks he has been amazingly generous already. He quietened the Parliamentarians with a, tenner rise, and July 1 is not far ahead! Four Classes Interesting statistics released the other day from the Treasury have been under the taxation microscope this week. Last year 1,421,000, or 72.5 per cent. of the working population were in the £400 a year class; 482,130, or 24.5 per cent., were in the £400-£1000 a year class. 57,110, or 2.9 per cent., in the £1000-£5000 a year class; and 2830, or 0.1 per cent., in the over £5000 a year class. So where are the rich men? Can the 2.9 per cent, carry the heaviest burden of taxation indefin- itely? And these are Treasury ques- tions, not mine ! Canberra's Icy Wind» Governor-General W. J. McKell and Her Excellency Mrs. McKell are still off the visiting lists to the various State Government Houses. Shivering in the exile of remote "Yarralumla** ' the former Premier is making a val- iant effort to break through the icy: social cold far chillier than the icy winds now blowing off the Alps. Some of Canberra's "untouchables" waited half-hopefully, half-fearfully lest the King's Birthday Honours contain a McKell knighthood They had scarcely breathed again when, at a party given on his retirement, Sir Leighton Brace- girdle, formerly secretary to the King's brother, revealed that when told of the McKell appointment "and the at- titude of some," the Duchess of Gloucester flashed, "If any man or woman falle to pay due respect to our successor, then he or she is guilty of an inslut to the King." Strange — but more names are ap- pearing on the Government House visitors' book! 