DEFENDS ' - MIGRANT POLICY CANBRRRA. Saturday. — Simultaneously with the p rising criticism of the l! influx of Jewish refugees; and aliens into Australia.: comes a defence of Government policy from i the Federal Secretary of the Associated Chambers ; of Commerce of Australia , (Mr P. R. Wilkins). Mr Wilkins says that opposition to the Government's immigration i plan is "tending to create an un- ' fortunate public reaction to immi- ) gration generally at a time when all publicity should be directed towards building up an improved ! public spirit and welcoming atti-1 turie toward new migrants.' | Mr Wilkins quotes official figures ' which show that a total of 34,500! persons entered the Common wealth from all sources in 1946. Of these 28.000 were Australians and other British subjects. 5800 were of other nationalities and only 700 were refugees, displaced i or persecuted people who were | mostly Jews. ! NOT EXCESSIVE ! Compared with the total mim- . her of persons entering the coim- : try dining the year, says Mr Wil kins. and bearing In mind the pressure from the United Nations' Agencies upon Australia to admit 1 large numbers of refugees, it must be admitted that this number is not excessive. j In a bulletin issued today, Mr I Wilkins recalls the Inst Ministerial l statement, to Parliament on mtgra-: tion, in which it was declared that ;"for every foreign migrant, there , will be 10 people from the United! Kingdom." ; The Jewish refugee element. : ! therefore. Mr Wilkins claims, will j form only one part of that tenth, which will he mainly comprised of desirable European migrants ! having a high standard of culture, i j At the same time, Australia must, accept a modicum of Jewish ! ! refugees in common humanity. I Among the 5800 persons of other 1 nationalities who entered the.; ! country last year at their own ex-, ' pense were— Americans, 1900: Dutch. 1430; Danish. 70: French. i600: Greek. 190: Norwegians. 60: Russians. 170; Swedes. 30: Swiss.' 40; Belgians. 30; Yugoslavs. 100. 