SHIRE OF NUMURKAH PAYMENT OF RATES Ratepayers are reminded that the- last day on which rates may be paid before interest is charged is the 10th April 1947. Immediately after that date in- terest is payable at the rate of 6 .per cent per annum from the date the rate was struck. J. K. DANCOCKS Shire Secretary G & N Representative Attention is directed to an advertisement in this issue with regard to an issue of shares by Gippsiand and Northern Co-opera^ tive Company Limited. The progress of this producers' Company nas been remarkable. Mr Ernest Graham, the Company's representative i s at present in the district and can be contacted through G & ;N agents or this office. Mr Graham has an intimate knowledge of this district, having resided in the Katamatite district for many years. Reservoir Readings At February 7 reservoir readings were:—Hume 1,054,820 acre feet, a decrease of 50,440 acre feet since the previous reading; Eildon, 184, 590 acre feet, a decrease of 16,200 acre feet. COMMENTARY (cf ft ,inued) • Pi >p iganda? In this office have been received circulars from the Federal Minister for Agriculture (Mr Pollard) and the State Minister (Mr McKen- warning wheatgrowers of -zie), a probable drop in world wheat prices. It seems to this column that the Ministers are indulging in a spot of propaganda. Both refer to the "lamentable" adverse vote cast by, South Australian growers against the Scully-Poltard scheme, and both suggest that a stabilisation scheme of any kind has been jeopardised. It would seem that the circulars have been written "in collaboration," for both bear the imprint of writer who set himself out to give the'growers a scare, The circulars state that the (Scully) stabilisation plan would have given growers protection against any fall in prices below 5/2—if S.A, had only fallen into line. There is reason to believe that some money was spent by the Government in S.A. to induce growers to vote for the plan, and the campaign entered upon bore some •fruit, for the majority of those against the plan was not large. It has to be repeated that growers generally are not against a stabilisation plan, but a great majority, of them are definitely against a 5plan that does not provide for the payment of production costs (plus a little by way of spending silver), a period of security, and some rec- ognition of their right to be paid at least home-consumption price for wheat sold for the manufacture of biscuits for racing and .poodle dogs. The circulars state that no further action can be taken when an im Wrtant wheatgrowing State like S.A. refuses to fall into line. This column dares the Federal Government to scrap a stabilisa fcion plan, and it also challenges the Government to justify its action in refusing to pay costs of production! and compelling the grower to bear the whole of the financial burden imposed by the sale of wheat atj even less than home-consumption prices. The growers will no doubt call the Government's bluff. Immigration Target Lowered As recently as August last Mr Calwell, Minister for Immigration, states that a migrant; target <ofi 70,000 had been set for the ensuing year. He qualified this by saying that the number to be brought to Australia would depend upon the shipping available. - Only four months later Mr Calwell reduced the target to 35,000, and albiost as soon as he had set- that figure he was reported to have said that he could see no more than 10.000 nil- Si*nts arriving. I ^ ^ ^ vehemently denied has now announced that e id to be 6000. Even the! egotistical Mr Calwell sensed that; this figure would cause comment, •and so he hastened to add that the 6000 was a minimum which wouldj probably be 'added' to by persons •coming out to Australia st their own expense. It iqoulti seem t&at; Australia cannot look with any confidence to any considerable flow of migrants -Sunless it be Jews, who appear to be very welcome, and who appar- ( eiitly encounter little difficulty in sectuiiig permits to come here. j 'Mr Calwell has told Press inter-, "weweis' that lie would welcome enitable~|>eo)>Ie of all nations, yet' a Danish journalist, who conferred wiifc the Minister after a tour of the CbmmonVealth, Bald he "had keen folced to the cbncluaion that ^Hie Australian Government fa »a!1y not interested in migration from """ the " Continent.** ^ * 1 