MIGRANT TARGET STANDS DESPITE TRANSPORT LAGS £ANBERRA, Friday. — Australia's migration targets were unaltered, the Immigration Minister (Mr. Calwell) said to-day. However, shippinq capacity would acA/ern larne'lv the number of new citizens who could be brought to Australia in the immediate post-war period. Allocation of the 'first 6000 berths for 1947' did not take into account prospects of adding to this number through: — ? The promise of the British Prima Minister (Mr. Attlee) to examine estimates of berths from ordinary shipping services; in the hope that some increase in migrant passages might be possible. #Use of aircraft carriers. ? Possibility of purchasing or char tering the 44,786 ton liner Aquitania especially for Australian migrant traffic. ? -. ? Possible t use of aircraft for urgently 'needed classes of migrants. ? . ? Prospects of using foreign ships. ? Settlement by Americans and others who came to Australia in dependently of the British free and assisted passage schemes. ? Other avenues, not yet made public. Outlook For Ships Mr. Calwell said that the United Kingdom High Commissioner (Mr. E. J. Williams) told the Migration Conference on Monday that any lessening of Britain's international commitments would almost cer tainly improve the Australian ship ping position in a very short beriod. ? ' Mr. Wiliiams referred to the position in Palestine, Italy, . Ger many/Greece, India, and Yugo slavia. He also pointed out that 13 million tons of British Empire shipping were lost during the war from a pre-war total of 20,500,000 tons, and that some of Britain's post-war shipbuilding was on be half of other countries,. because of wartime commitments. Mr. Calwell said that one of the countries which would benefit by early British ship construction was Norway. Discussions had been opened on the prospects of assist ing suitable Norwegians to migrate to Australia. People From Europe An agreement also had been signed with the Netherlands for a monthly quota of acceptable Dutch migrants to be brought to Australia by Dutch ships. Discussions also were proceeding with the Swiss, Swedish, and Dan ish Governments. 'When the Government's policy was announced in August, 1945, I stated that Australia was capable of absorbing 70,000 new citizens a year, and that it would be any thing up to two years before large scale immigration could begin, al though special classes of urgently - needed workers and nominated relatives would be welcomed in the meantime,' Mr. Calwell added. 