AROUND THE WORLD AT THE WEEK-END SCREEN fans aged from 6 to 12 years will get- special attention from the film industry under a plan an- nounced by the president of Motion Picture Association of America {Mr. Erice Johnston). Forty children of varied in- erests and backgrounds will serve as a jury in selecting films for Saturday screenings in 2500 cinemas in the United States. The children will decide on en- tertainment value for tastes of their own age group, and then a group of mothers will adjudicate on the moral as well as the edu- cational, value of the films chosen by the children. Disputes between the two juries will be arbitrated by a committee of experts in child guidance. — (Special.) BEAR CUB.— ''Miss Byline,'' the six-months'-old black bear cub cannot be flown from Toronto to Sydney, as proposed, says a Van- couver message, because of an Australian law prohibiting ani- mals being flown into Australia. The Toronto Press Club, sponsors of the trip, had planned to send the cub to Sydney in time for the annual journalists' ball, in return for a young kangaroo, which the Toronto Press Club received from the Sydney press Club last June. — (A.A.P.) WAR CRIMES REAR - ADMIRAL Naomass Sakonju, commander of the Japanese 16th Naval Squadron, and Captain Haruo Mayazuoi, master of the Japanese cruiser Tone, are being tried in Hong Kong on charges of having ordered the killing of 65 British and Aus- tralian war prisoners, some of whom were beheaded on Tone's deck.— (A.A.P.) IMMIGRANTS. — A Matson Line spokesman stated in San Fran- cisco on Saturday that no contract had been signed to fly 90,000 im- migrants to Australia, as reported by the London Evening Standard. He added that the Australian Gov- ernment had asked the Matson Line to submit proposals, and this had been done. — (A.'A.P.) RHODESIA.— Sir Miles Thomas (Vice-chairman of the Nuffield or- ganisation, who accepted an in- vitation to lead a production and planning commission to Southern Rhodesia, said the colony was so rich in resources that there was ''a danger of indigestion.'' Nat- ural resources included large de- posits of chrome, copper, asbestos, mica, and other valuable minerals needed by America. — (A.A.P.) INCITED A PRETORIA Court, in a re- served judgment, imposed a fine of £40 on Oswald Pirow, a for- mer South African Justice and De- fence Minister, on charges of hav- ing contravened the Riotous As- semblies' Act by inciting hostility and ill-feeling between the natives and the Europeans.— (A.A.P.) CONSERVATIVES.— The agenda of the British Conservative Party conference, which opens at Brigh- ton on October 2, includes a motion urging the party to re- affirm itself the great Imperial party, and to declare a policy for furthering the Empire's economic and political unity.— (A.A.P.) PROFIT. — The Chinese Government bought vast sup- plies of American army war sur- plus properly at a fraction of its original cost — and — now resell- ing it to American firms at ex- remely high profits, according to an American United Press re- port from Shanghai — (Special). PARALYSIS.— Notifications of cases of infantile paralysis in Eng- land and Wales for the week ended September 13, fell below 500 for the first time since August; 5\. There were 572 cases, or 90 fewer than the previous week's total.— (A.A.P.) GERMANY. — Reuters Berlin correspondent says that a United States statistical survey revealed that the harvest in the British and United States zones of Ger many is from 20 to 40 per cent. below expectations, because of the drought.— (A.A.P.) DENMARK. — Reuters Copen- hagen correspondent says it is re liably stated that negotiations would shortly be opened for Rus- sian grain deliveries to Denmark in return for Danish butter. — (A.A.P.) PRESIDENT.— President Tru- man returned to Washington on Saturday after a 10,845-mile trip to Brazil.— (A.A.P.) OIL.— According to the Russian Embassy's Press Department, says the Associated Press' Teheran correspondent, a new draft of the Russo — Persian Oil Company agreement contains a provision that the company's products are to be exported, with Russia hav- ing priority right to purchase. — (A.A.P.) WEST INDIES. — Representa- tives of Jamaica, Barbados, Trini- dad, British Guiana, British Hon- duras, Leeward Islands, and Wind- ward Islands, at a conference in Jamaica, accepted the principle of a federation in the West Indies.— (A.A.P.) PRINCESS PRINCESS Elizabeth at a ceremony at Stirling Castle on Saturday, received the freedom of Stirling, the ancient capital of Scotland, where the Scots Parliament once met. — (A.A.P. ). WAR GRAVES.— Mrs. Kate Day. 65, of Mill Lane. Wareham, Dor- set (England), who has tended Australian soldiers' graves in Wareham since the First World War, learned on Saturday that the Australian Returned Soldiers' League had awarded her a Bereaveds Mother's Badge, and also was sending her a weekly food parcel. ''I very much appre- ciate the action,'' she said. ''Tell them that I will continue dili- gently to tend the graves.'' — (Special.) CITIZENSHIP.— The American United Press' Ottawa correspon- dent says that Lady Iris Mount- batten (a cousin of King George) refused to comment on reports that she intended to apply for Canadian citizenship. She arrived in Canada last week, after the American authorities had ordered her to leave the United States because her visa had expired. — (A.A.P.) MOURNING.— To-day has been declared a day of public mourn- ing in New York for the death of Mr. Fiorello La Guardia, a former mayor of New York and Director General of U.N.R.R.A., who died on Saturday. His body is lying in state in the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, Manhattan, New York.— (A.A.P.). 