MR. CALWELL IN DENMARK Displaced Persons Not Available Australian Associated Press COPENHAGEN, July 11. The Australian Minister for Immigration (Mr. Calwell) said today that he had made no agreement with Denmark for migration of displaced per sons to Australia because of Den mark's labor shortage, Reuter re ports. Today Mr. Calwell met represen tatives of the Danish Foreign Min istry, Labor Ministry and the Emi gration Committee, also the new Danish commercial attache for Sydney (M. F. Henning Hergel). Mr. Calwell will leave for Oslo to day. Mr. Calwell yesterday visited a camp outside Bremen where dis placed persons are collected before embarkation from Europe for South America, and inspected the Philip, which later left for Brazil with 866 persons. He was impressed by the provision of nursery wards for children. Mr. Calwell to agreeable to tak ing displaced persons to Austra lia, provided that the Common wealth has the complete right of selection. This the International Refugee Organisation will readily concede. He is also keen to use vessels similar to the one which he in spected to carry passengers from the United Kingdom. "Not Luxury Travel" "It will not be luxury travel," be said, "but it will suit those who really want to go and do not ex pect luxury accommodation. Such people are, of course, the best type of migrants." The ship which Mr. Calwell in spected was one of three being used by the International Refugee Or ganisation. They are United States converted cargo vessels known as C4's, of 12,500 tons and with a speed of 18 to 19 knots. As troopships they carried 3,500 men each and now take about 860 per sons, most of whom sleep in dor mitories. There are special cabins for el derly folk, expectant mothers and women with young children. The men's dormitories hold 200 and the women's-SO. There are rows of slung mattresses in tiers of four, but only the second and third are used for sleeping, the others being for luggage. Passengers, except youngsters and the sick and elderly, eat standing in cafeteria style. 