LOCAL CONDITIONS Scandinavians Seek Information People in Scandinavian countries were- very interested in migrating to Australia, but were naturally cauti ous before making such 'a big move. Mr. K. E. Beazley. M.H.R, said on Wednesday. Many prospec tive immigrants were probably scep tical about accepting official state ments and this had proved a handichp to the Federal Minister for Immigration (Mr. A. A. Calwell) during his tour of Scandinavia. -In support of this Mr. Beazley quoted the following letter received by him from Mr. H. P. Hansen. a naturalised Dane who fought with the Australian forces in World War LI "During'World War II, I formed the Danish Relief Fund of W.A. and as soon as the war was over 1 sent on behalf of the fund 9.000o gifts of Australian woollen gbdds to Denmark and Norway. In the past. 12 months I have received 200 let ters from people in Denmark seek ing information -bout Australia. Some of the letters were from people with small industries who would wish to establish themselves similarly here. "I was therefore surprised to read in our local newspapers that Mr. Caiwell had had such a poor re sponse in his quest for pmigrants from Scandinavia. 1 can only con clude that prospective migrants have been sceptical about accepting offi cial statements on conditions in Australia, on the ground that they are too good to be true. "On the other hand, it is easy to understand the opposition of the Danish and Norwegian Govern ments to young men and women leaving as migrants, because they represent the export of the coun tries' most valuable assets. It seems to me. therefore. that the best im migration results would be gained by arranging for some former Danish or Norwegian migrant with a goo. knowledge of Australia to give lectures in Scandinavian couno tries, telling of his experiences and advising intending migrants what their prospects would be in Aus tralia." Mr. Beazley said that he had re commended to th_ Acting- Minister for Immigration (Senator J. G. Armstrong) the appointment of Mr. Hansen as temporary Common. wealth agent in Scandinavian coun tries. Senator Armstrong had pro-' mised to draw the attention of Mr. Calwell to the recommendation. 