IMMIGRATION ESTIMATES ALL ASTRAY Future Flow Will be Governed; by Shipping Facilities . "The Age" Special Representative CANBERRA, Thursday. — Six State Ministers for Immigration, in cluding; two Premiers, have left Canberra sadder and wiser men. Now : they realise: that the Commonwealth. Minister (Mr. Calwell) , haying I done -his utmost, cannot work miracles. He cannot drag bombed and I torpedoed ships from the bottom of the oceans, for instance. ! Years are likely to elapse be fore immigration reaches a sub stantial volume. British immi gration may never again reach the vitality It attained before and after the first world war. So the six Ministers have, ac cepted a quota of 900 British migrants for each State, and 600 for the Commonwealth, making an estimated quota of 6000 for all Australia in . 1947. Even this quota is by no means certain of realisation. It is all a question of how many people it is possible to carry in the ships available. The United Kingdom High Commissioner (Mr. Williams) reminded the conference that 13,000,000 tons of British ship ping were sunk during the war. That represented 65 per cent, of the Empire's merchant ships when the war started. British shipyards are working full shifts to replace losses, but Australia must remember two Important facts. The first is that one-fifth of. these ships is being built for other countries, such as Norway, whose ships and men helped to win the Battle of the Atlantic. The second is that the ships being built for Britain are not In the immigration pas senger class; they are the very latest in food and cargo carry ing ships, and a few high class passenger liners. The best of the liners, whether new ships or re conditioned troop ships, are likely to be put on the American run to earn dollars. Britain, whose losses of fight ing men and civilians were very great, also lost about 4,000,000' houses — more than four times the number in all Australia. These must be rebuilt and more. The Old Country . to-day Is fighting for economic recovery. It is a long battle. Ships are needed for food to keep people alive, and then for raw materials for trade, which Britain must recover if she is to retain "her place In the world Therefore, she is not anxious to lose many of the best of her young men and women. Many Doors Closed A quick round-up of the exist ing situation in Europe indicates little immediate prospect from the next best source of immigra tion — Northern and Western Europe. The- "iron curtain" is down on Russia and all its satel lites. Poland, desiring to populate newly acquired, German provinces with Poles, has what amounts to a non-exit policy. Nobody . Is allowed ' to leave Yugoslavia, Rouniania or Bul garia. Soon, the exits from Hun gary will be closed. Poverty- stricken Greece needs men and discourages immigration. ' As for Denmark, Norway, Sweden ' and Finland, the new Danish ,' Minister . . to Australia (Mr. Rottboll) has indicated that the respective Govern ments are not encouraging emigration. They rarely have done so. In the twenty years before 1939 Australia's net gain from all these sources was fewer than 200 people. Spanish and ' Portuguese prefer Latin America — perhaps it is just as well. Yet there are millions who would - be .glad to come to Aus tralia, and to travel under even worse than troopship conditions to do so. They .include thousands of Maltese, who are , British sub jects, and many more thousands of southern and eastern Euro peans and Levantines.- British Attitude Mr. Attlee, British Prime Min ister, was very polite about It in a cable message which was read to the conference this week, but there was no mistaking his mean ing. "The United Kingdom has not only a great task before it in making good the physical damage suffered during the war, but it requires all its energies and all its manpower to recover the export trade, on which its . very life depends. We must, however, place before our own needs the long-term interest of the British Commonwealth as a whole. The United Kingdom Government will place no physical barrier in the way of its people .who wish to settle overseas, and will finan cially assist all who are accepted by the Dominions as settlers." There is no need for the U.K. Government to apply any ' physical barrier. it is there already — 12,000 miles of water. Mr. Slater. Chief Secretary for Victoria, wanted to know why the objective had been progressively reduced from 72,000 from the U.K. to 35,000, to 7500, and then 6000\. Upon Mr. Chifley's . return from Britain last May he was confident that 35,000 would be obtained. , The U.K. Government's answer was: "Circumstances out side the control of the U.K. Go vernment, partly due to difficul ties with which It Is beset in meeting commitments thrown up by International obligations aris ing from problems in Greece, Yugoslavia, Italy, Palestine, Egypt and- India." Britain is keeping the ships to transport troops and material; arid to keep them supplied. 