[?] ILetters should be as brief as possible and. confined to one subject. Name end address of writer must accompany letter, not .necessarily for publication. GIR, — Your editorial of April 16 is deserving of the highest praise. I disagree, however, with your assertion that our meat ration can be supplemented to an unlimited extent by fish among other, things. We have been flsh-hungry here for years, and will continue to be while the fishiner boats at Fremantle soend so much of their time on their moorings in the shelter of a breakwater. Pressure should be brought on these men to provide enough fish to supply the growing demand and thereby ease the meat position to the benefit of half-starved Britain. A Royal Commission on the fishing industry in W.A. as recently suggested by the Fremantle District Council of the R.S.L. is cer tainly warranted and it is to be hoped that our new Government ' will take some action in the matter.— FISH FOR ALL, Fre mantle. ? Editorial urged more severe rationing in Australia to increase the food supply available to Britain. ft * A . * * * Misr Whv class a11 ... ? the migrants as Migrants unhygienic be cause a few were? If the con veniences were not there, how could they use them? Are we just looking for excuses to show our animosity to non-Australians? Why cannot we be more human to human beings other than Aus tralians? Some of us are com plaining because we cannot have everything we want; the people on the Misr have lost everything ' they ever had: — A GREEK BY BIRTH BUT AUSTRALIAN BY CHOICE, Bayswater. . . . Where are the English, Danish and Dutch immigrants? They would make good farmers, and we want land workers — not city dwellers.— MOTHER OF SIX, Gosnells. . . . The arrival of the Misr migrants showed that some Aus tralians harbour more racial hat red than the Germans ever did. Many fine Australians and people all bver the wor-ld lost their lives to suppress such hatred. — NON- HATER, Leederville. . . . Factory managers and . caretakers of buildings can tell similar stories of the frightfully unhygienic habits of our own people.— FOLLOWER, Subiaco. ... What a pity the photo graphers were hot allowed on board. They could have told us more, without words, than any one else.— HELP BRITISHERS, ? Perth. ... Surely enough nails have been driven into the Labour Party's coffin without Mr. Calwell adding one more. — R. ROBIN SON, Mosman Park. . . . Why were the immigrants allowed to land? Apparently most of them could not speak Eng lish. Is it not a fact that all mig rants have to pass a language test?— W.X., Karrakatta. * * # Punishment Ab°ut 40 years F*«. to. f* ? a&° crime was IT I n© l*nme very prevalent in Middlesex, England, until a man named Sir Ralph. Little was put on the Bench. He warned all bashers that they would receive the maximum sentence if they came up before him, carried out the, threat. Crime was reduced by more than 50 per cent in the county. To sentence a man to 14 days imprisonment for hitting a policeman over the head with a bottle is, in my opinion encour aging further bashings.- -OLD- 'UN, Subiaco. * * H- Communists u was g°Qd *o| A-J A I D read that- a- And A.L,r, couple of men I had been sacked from the A.L.P. for backing Commun ists at a recent election.-. The Sat-; urday Evening Post was running | a series of articles entitled 'Will' the C.I.O. shake the Communists! loose?' and I suggest that the: A.L.P. heads get hold of this series and pick up a few pointers. — R.H.G., Boddington. Manure * am informed -^ , that men were iJumpea employed on the Koolinda to shovel and dump cow manure into the sea. Of course, the farmers in Spearwood and surrounding district do not want this manure. Or do they?— JACK ROONEY, Fremantle. ? State Shipping Service says that bacteria is present in the manure from stock coming from the Kimberleys during a certain period of the year. The Stock Department will not allow the manure to be taken by farmers in that period. From May 15 to early September when the sun can dry out the bacteria, farmers are allowed to collect the manure. 1 * * * Urges Work ,Charlie/r, .T™s ..* „ - love (Opinion, Not Prayers April 16) is struck forcibly by the absence of a National Day of Prayer for the underfed Englishmen. If people in Australia dug deeper into their pockets and gave Britain a third of their rations, there would be no need to ask God for assistance. God gave us minds to think with and hands to work with. Must we ask more of Him?— REALISM NOT LAZINESS, Scarborough. .... The best way to help the people in England is by prayer. If each one of us were to ask God to help them, He would indeed ans: wer such prayers. — JOYLEEN WHISSON, Midland Junction. * if ?* Cxi-rfoim& Sanity First A- „. -* (Opinion, April Of UOgS 14) was surely a misnomer. Would not 'cruelty first' have been more appropriate to the sentiments expressed? The truth is that want of affection and care helps to make the dog cart necessary, as no genuine dog lover will permit his dog to roam at large. Dog-catchers' methods should be humane. — ANTI CRUELTY, Mt. Lawley. ? Sanity First described protests about the catching of a dog by the dog-catcher as 'misguided af fection by people who make the dog cart an essential protection from the nuisance they have fos tered.' * * * ~ Hospital Could anyone /c .r / give an honest extras reason for the cost of 'extras' at some hospitals where they now amount to the allowance made by the Govern ment? In maternity cases, a long list of requirements are taken in fo hospitals, and still there are ; 'extras.'— STICKY, Nedlands. * * 4 Tobacco Whether lo a. ... bacco be a Vjuailty necessity or a' luxury why does the Labour Gov ernment, by taxation, prevent our getting the world's best brands at reasonable prices? — CHERRY- i WOOD, Gooseberry Hill. I 