Transfer of American Troops in North China Kyo witnesses arriving- in Shanghai from North China report that some of the American troops stationed in various areas there are being transferred to unknown destinations. Well-informed circles hold that this does not neces sarily mean a withdrawal from China. Tiie newspaper "Nanking Jcripao" reports that American Marines and servicemen connected with the executive staff will be gradually evacuated. American troops in Tsingtau will remain in China to train Chinese seamen for another five years. The partial withdrawal may bo duo in part hy the likelihood of questions being asked at tin- n«-xt session of For eign Ministers. However, families of Atneriean servicemen are still arriving in 1'eipiim from America. W.F.T.U. to Tour the East. Tiie «'.!.<». of America lias stated that hiiH'r.il MacArtliur has given permission t<) W.F.T.F. representa tives to visit the Far Fast in March. The delegation will meet in Tokyo, later visiting Korea and t'hina, and possibly Hnrmn. to stuiiy labour con ditions. M. I.ouis Saillant will repre sent France, Mr. Monk, Australia; Mr. Hell. Britain: Mr. Townsend. F.S.A.: tint! Mr. Tarasov, F.S.S.R. M. L. Saillant, reviewing the Trade t'nion Movement, writes that in the t'.S.A. it has been forced to maintain the defensive and has had no real achievement since the end of the war. J» ail other countries, with the excep tion of Spain. Portugal. and H recce, it is developing and progressing. Trade t'niems have heeti formed in (lennany and Japan. The End cf a Myth. Heneral Motors derided recently to raise car prices hy 30 to 50 per cent, above the 1941 level. 1'rices will he raised further in the next few months. In 1940 the (Icneral Motors trust pro duced 1,621,810 vehicles, about naif of the 3,587,745 produced before the war The drop in production is lepuUJ to he caused hy a falling; off of output per man. This steady rise in prices puts and end to the myth of th'; cheap car. POLAND. Big Grain sowing in Poland's New Western Territory. Eastern Europe's food situation will he greatly relieved hy 99.0 per cent, achievement of the sowing' plan for Poland's new Western territories (Oder-Neisse areas granted at Pots dam Conference). Colonel Lenfiewicz. representative of the Ministry of the Regained Territory told a press con ference in Warsaw that the planned sowing area had been 1.200,000 hec tares (2,700,000 acres) and this was carried out "practically 100 per cent." " The peasant re-settlers." he said, " were greatly helped lay the Govern ment. The Ministry of Regained Ter ritories supplied them with 111,372 tons of grain for sowing, and distri buted this grain to each farm. Polish soldiers helped with the sowing on farms owned by families whose men folk were killed during the war." Metal Industry Output to be Doubled. L'nder a Three-Year Plan for the Polish metal industry, output in 11*40 will lie double the pre-war output. The pre-war Polish metal industry was controlled by international concerns, which restricted output so that Poland would be forced to buy certain metal products in other countries. During the war, practically all Polish metal factories were destroyed or their ma chinery taken to Germany. NEW GUINEA. Japanese who occupied New Guinea left a reminder behind them, giant snails which they raised to compen sate for their lack of meat These crea tures multiplied to such an extent that they have become a pest menacing plantations. In order to rid the coun try of them, fire-flies are being brought from Zanzibar to combat them. ITALY. The movement which began in Italy for the concession of uncultivated or badly cultivated land to the Co-opera tives has now changed its programme in Sicily. It now wants all the land. Long processions of peasants on foot or on horseback carry banners bear ing the words, " Land or death ". The prefects do not dare to explain to them that it is only the uncultivated land that they may have, but say. "You will have the land". And the movement grows in this poverty stricken island. NEW CALEDONIA. The native population has increased from 29,374 in 1939 to 30.753 in 1946. Tiie European population has in creased very little. The number of Javanese on the 1st January, 1946, was 7,123 and the number of Tonkin ese, 3,283. Attendance at schools has increased from 2,980 in 1942 to 3,586 in 1946. I Casino at Noumea. The Sydney " Daily Telegraph " re cently announced that the French Ad ministration in New Caledonia had given permission for the foundation of a Casino at Noumea, with the view of making it the Monte Carlo of the Pacific. This information is certainly pre mature. The installation of the Casino must be authorised by the Metropoli tan Government and not by the iocal Administration. Negotiations in Paris have already obtained the support of the Minister for Overseas France, but the matter actually concerns the Min ister for Justice, who will give the final decision. We must, therefore, wait a little longer. FRANCE. French Foreign Trade for 1946. A French Customs statement shows that French Imports and exports for 3940 have rocketed ahead of those for 1945\. Tonnage exported and Imported aiso has increased. In 1946 imports reached a total value of 234,041,000,000 francs compared with 56.925,000,000 francs In 1945. Exports for 1946 were 101,405.000.000 francs compared with the 1945 figure of 11,398,000,000. The balance for 1946 shows an increase of imports over ex ports of 132,636,000,000 compared with 45,500,000,000 francs. The tonnage of imports and exports revealed an impressive total, in 1946, 30.429,787 tons were Imported compared with 10,452,293 tons in 1945. Export tonnage for 1946 was 9,987.909 tons, compared with the 1945 figure of 2,646,149 tons. In January, 1947, commercial ex changes between France and her over seas territories reached a record level. France imported a total of goods val ued at 6,370,000,000 francs compared with 5,330,000,000 In December.^1946. iHer exports to the overseas terri tories were also higher, being valued at 5,562,000,000 frs. compared with 5,289,000,000 frs. in December. Ex ports to Overseas France have almost doubled in the past six months. The principal exports from France were metals, fuel, stones and other mar terials necessary for Industry. Manu factured goods included dress ma terials and chemical products. Main imports were foodstuffs. Commission of Enquiry. The Commission which is to inves tigate events in France from 1939 to 1945 has been ratified by the National Assembly. It will comprise represen tatives of the various resistance move ments and returned soldiers* organ isations, including Mme Lucie Aubrac, MM. Justin Godard, Louis Saillant and Jean Albert Saurel. Choir Boys on Strike. Home embarrassment was caused at La Clievrerio, Bordeaux, recently when choir boys struck in the middle of a burial service. They had decided that their fee of 5 francs (3d.) Was insuf ficient and no longer related to the cost of living. The strike was effec tive. AUSTRALIA. Soldier Land Settlement will speeded up according to Mr. 4. \; Girr, new Premier of New Sm; Wales. In the course of a statenu he said, " At present an onwcr wh. land is subdivided for closer S'-tti merit has the right to retain fL'O.i worth of the land exclusive of bu: ings. A new bill to be present'"! the House will reduce this amount £14,000." Mr, McGirr pointed out thai landowner could remain in occupat ion 12 months' after his land had h resumed. It is now proposed to duce this to six months. Re-establishment loans total!; £2,767,650 have been made by the F oral Government to 3,898 ex-Serve men and women in agricultural pations. Immigration, In 1946, 34,500 persons arrived Australia. Only 700 of these were - fugees. 28,000 were Australians ;r other British subjects and 5.S00 otii included Americans, Hutch, Fnc, Danish. Greek. Norwegians. Russia: Swedes,'Swiss, Belgians and Y» r ski vs. Five hundred ami sixty-five .!■ -v. from i'olanil. Austria and llunga. are to come here by tin- " Julian ■ Wit" which passed through Marsni' a fortnight ago. Some came by b" from Amsterdam, others by train fr. Naples. They are to settle here • the land. Maintenance and aceomnr dation of these people with relativ here has been guaranteed. Arbitration Act Ready. The biH passed through Caucus wit amendments, including almost all tl, points raised by the Australasian Coun ell of Trade Unions will enable dis putes to be settled swiftly at thru place of origin. It will curtail the us* of legal delays by employers. The number of conciliation commis sioners will be increased to 15. Ques tions of margins, penalty rates an.; general working conditions will i» within their powers. Major function of the Court, such as fixing of hout and the basic wage, wiil be unaltered The Commissioners wiil have power t inter%'ene in pending disputes and ho! compulsory conferences of parties t a dispute. RUSSIA. Reconstruction of Leningrad. The damage caused to Leningra during the war amounted to 25 p> • cent, of the city's values. The 1946-"' Five-Year Plan provides for the con plete rehabilitation of the city to gether with its numerous industri.' enterprises, scientific institutions, pal aces, museums and houses. The factories are not only being res tared but also equipped with the mo modem machinery. The leading in dustries will be* electric power, electri machinery and ship-building. In a fev. years hence the Leningrad works wi be tiie greatest producers of turbin and varied power machinery. Lenin (Continued on page 1.) FROM THE FOUR CORNERS (Continued from papc 0.) grad will also be the principal ship building centre. Of the enterprises producing con sumers' goods the textile and food in-, dustries and industrial co-operatives are being highly developed. lly the end of lfliiO the city will have gained 1,700,000 square yards of new dwelling space. The tram, trolley bus and omnibus parks will be completely restored and cab services extended considerably. A new underground railway will be built. Leningrad's fuel problem has been solved by the introduction of gas. In the cultural field, the l'"ive-Year Plan provides for the rehabilitation of 14 institutes of the Academy of Scien ces and the famous l'ulkovo observa tory. Numerous new sellouts, mu seums, kindergartens, theatres for children, cinemas and factory, clubs are planned. On the initiative of the population, foundations have been laid for two new parks to commemorate victory in tile second World War. JAPAN Many |h-«»|i|i- arc anxious about the reparations which may in- expected from Japan. According to Tojo's state nunt in 1 veentbcr if »v break the egg wo siiai! no lunger liavo any fowl. In .Japanese govt rnment circles it lias boon statod that a declaration explain ing the incapacity of tin- country to pay reparations will he published shortly. It was indicated that t lie plan elaborated by Mr. Edwin Pauley. American Ambassador, was rendered inapplicable by the restriction on Japanese commerce in the Far East. A Question which will not be Asked. American censorship forbade the translation and reproduction in Japan of an article by the Liberal American writer, Edgar Snow, a specialist on Far East questions and Co-Director of the Saturday Evening Post. The article was entitled, " Will Japan Go Socialist?" GREECE. When tile law was voted revising and annulling sentences on individuals who had collaborated with the Ger mans, a deputy declared thai history would forget the Nuremberg trials. Another defended the officers who had taken part in the Greek security battal ions during the occupation. CZECHOSLOVAKIA. In preparation for the World Youth Festival to take place in Prague, the International Youth Council in Britain is planning a World Youth Week from March 21.. The motto will be: "Through Friendship and Under standing Youth Builds Peace". Dele gates will be sent to Prague and co operation in the festival is being ar ranged. The Co-operative M.P. in Britain, Mr. Norman Dodds, is organising a party of leading British Co-operative members to visit Czechoslovakia at the end of March, at the invitation of the Czech Government and Co-opera tive Movement. Also in March Czechoslovakia will have her second post-war fair, from 14th to 23rd March. It will lost for ten days and foreign visitors will re I'fiw five entrance tickets and a 59 per cent, reduction on railway fares as an additional attraction. NORWAY. Tin- credit of 50 million dollars from tie United States in exchange for cer tain privileges was voted by 72 against 0!' in the Norwegian parliament. The main objection raised by the 09 mem bers was the condition that the goods most be delivered by American ships. Norway's chief industry is her ship ping, which has been sadly depleted by the war with resultant hardship which is unlikely to be alleviated in the near future. MADAGASCAR. Recently, the producers of Madagas car were paid for coffee, 15 colonial African francs, that is, 24 Metropolitan francs, and the same coffee was re sold at 140 and 150 francs per kilo on the market On the black market, col'fc-e was resold for 600 francs per kilo. The difference was absorbed by the state and, above all, by the middle men. COSMIC RAYS The work of physicists studying cosmic rays has been carried on over a iong period. One group is occupied with the study of cosmic rays on Mount Alagez, in Armenia, at a height, of 10,963 feet above sea-levcl. In the course of study it has been proved that, side by side with cnrliei known components of cosmic rays — neutrons and electrons — there exist yet other components, called balutrons. Passing through a powerful magnetic field, the balutrons lighted control neon lamps through a special meter which registers cosmic rays. Study of the properties of cosmic rays lias been considerably aided "by the installation at the station of a new apparatus — the so-called ionised telescope. The high-mountain Pamir expedition has 'collected fresh data on the com position of cosmic rays, at t^c same time, and it has been established that they contain components capable of penetrating through great thickness of substance. " These components provide phe nomena, analysis of which compels us to alter in many respects our concep tion of the composition of cosmic rays," say the scientists. 