LATEST CABLEGRAMS LONDON. Friday. A 12-lncli leaking gas main which released a cloud o£ gas into houses in a street in Birmingham, killed two women and two girts living in ad jacent houses. COPENHAGEN, Friday. The Danish Goverment proposed to establish a 'tipping' service. The Finance Minister (Mr. Kristensen ) ' introduced in Parliament a bill to establish a company with a capital of £125,000 to nm a forecasting ser vice of winners of sports events, especially football matches, but not horse and bicycle races. JERUSALEM, Friday. An Arab higher organisation has issued a statement demanding that Britain should completely stop Jew ish immigration into Palestine, which is causing them grave anxiety. STOCKHOLM, Friday. Kiug Gustav has awarded the Prince Carl Medal to the Pope. It is given to Swedes or foreigners who distinguish themselves by humani tarian work. The Pope has- notified .King Gustav he will accept the inedal. LONDON, Friday. More food and more houses will be provided for mining areas to stimulate coal production as the re sult o£ a conference between the executive of tire National Union of Mineworkers and Mr. Attlee's fuel emergency committee. The stafe ment announced that additional sup plies of non-rationed foods and con sumption goods will be directed to mining areas. Plans are already un der way to launch in these areas a new programme of the speedy build ing of aluminium houses and per manent houses. The Foreign Minister (Mr. Beviu) opening the debate on Foreign Af fairs, said ratification of the treaty with Italy would enable Britain to withdraw 45,000 troops. When the treaties with Hungary, Bulgaria, Ru mania, Finland and Italy were rati fied he expected normality to be al lowed to return to these countries. Mi1. Bevin added he was not sure that the Germans yet realised the effects of defeat and the stupidity of war, which, as an object of policy,: they must leairn either bj\ education or some other way. Britain desired to allow Germany to re-establish a decent standard of living and to develop democracy. He said Brit ain's relations with £he United States were most cordial and Britain would not allow any wedge to be driven, between the two countries. . PEARL HARBOUR, Friday All available army, navy and mar ine fire equipment was rushed to Pearl Harbour to fight a roaring blaze along a quarter mile of a long wooden dock. Two piers were dam aged irreparably and workers in ad- ', ministration buildings near the dtKVf were evacuated before the fire was got under control in two and a half hours. 