SHORTAGE OF NURSES ACUTE IN BRITAIN : Australia is not the only country 'suffering from an acute shortage of nurses for, according to Miss Alice Cuyler, an English mental nurse, who arrived in the Stratheden recently, under the immigration scheme, to nurse in Australia, British hospitals are also having difficulty in obtaining nurses. AT Shenley Mental Hospital. St. . Albans, where Sister Cuyler did her training and nursed for more than 12 years, there were -Danish. Swedish" and French nurses on the staff when she left.. They were brought to Britain -by the Govern ment, which was encouraging nurses from these countries to settle in Britain, she said last week. Miss Cuyler was born in Glasgow,1 but lived most of her life in Man chester until she started nursing. Since a small girl, she had always wanted to come to Australia, and, although she has no friends or rela tives here, when she read in the papers and heard over the wireless that Australia "wanted nurses and was prepared to give them priority in the immigration scheme, she ap plied immediately. She sent in her application form as soon as they were available in March. 1946, then waited patiently for 16 months be fore she set sail. On the Stratheden she shared a cabin with another nurse. Miss Doro- jthy Start. Muss Effie Lawrence made I up the trio of nurses who landed in i Victoria. The three nurses thoroughly enjoyed the trip out in the beautiful ship, where conditions were excel- lent, Miss Cuyler said, and the fv» only £10. Her most outstanding impressi >«. of the voyage was the shops in t various ports of call. She just revels j in them and spent hours gazing the windows crammed with goods -a short supply in Britain, and at mu\i cheaper prices. During the war nursing was \ reserve occupation, and nurses Lui to remain where they were, she sj 1 They received the same ration u civilians and worked long hours :>--- cause of staff shortages, which ar o-e through marriage and girls enlu- - ing in the military nursing service.,. I After being kept fn one spot l ir 1 seven years, nurses were now rer.-l less and wanted to move about. 1 ? | rFHE 40 -hour week for nurses v, >4 j still not in operation in nun j British hospitals because of the d-tn- culty of obtaining extra staff; 'i i- at Shenley Hospital it was int. >. duced last year. There were 1000 female patient at Shenley as well as male patten-,;, and the hospital was planned on L.Ui villa system with extensive ground - Miss Cuyler was in charge of tbj senile admission ward, where womi over 60 were admitted. There wt> a big increase of mental sickne-, amongst old people during the wa< Miss Cuyler said. Old people a.i not seem able to stand up to th bombing and all the difficulties >t wartime life. The hospital had been lucky. The/ had several incendiary bombs a;w the laundry was burnt out. but other - wise escaped. A huge land ruui dropped in a tree in the grounds bu , did not go off. It was there i; j night, and all patients in wards ueir it had to be moved. Miss Cuyler is looking forward > settling permanently in Auswali t. She believes everyone should trav if they can. 