MIGRANT TARGETS UNALTERED _____ ___ ( Influence Of Shipping "The Mercury" Special Service /CANBERRA, Fri.-Australia's migration targets vs ere ^ unaltered although shipping capacity would govern largely the number of new citizens who could be brought to Australia in the immediate postwar period, the Minis- ter for Immigration (Mr Calwell) said today. ALLOCATION of the "first 6,000 berths, for 1947" did not take into account prospects of adding to this number through: The promise of the British Prime Minister (Mr Attlee) to examine es ! timates of berths from ordinary i shipping services in the hope that I some increase in migrant passages might be possible. The use of aircraft-carriers. ' The possible use of aircraft chartering the Aquitania specially for Australian migrant traffic. The possible use of aircraft for urgently needed classes of mig- rants. Prospects ol using foreign ships. Settlement by Americans and others who came to Australia inde- pendently of the British free and assisted passage schemes. Other avenues not yet made pub- lic. Mr Calwell said the United King- dom High Commissioner (Mr E. J. Williams) told the Migration Con- ference on Monday that any lessen- ing of Britain's international com- mitments would almost certainly im- prove the Australian shipping posi- tion in a very short time. Mr Williams pointed out that 13,000,000 tons of British Empire shipping were lost during the war from a prewar total of 20,500,000 tons, and that some of Britain's' postwar shipbuilding was on behalf of other countries in consequence of wartime commitments. One of thc countries which would benefit by early British ship construction was Norway, said Mr Calwell, and discussions had been opened on pvospects of assisting suitable Norwegians to migrate to Australia. I An agreement also had been sign I ed with the Netherlands for a monthly quota of acceptable Dutch I migrants to be brought to Australia by Dutch ships. Discussions also were proceeding with the Swiss. Swedish and Danish governments. "When the Government's policy was announced in August. 1945, I stated that Australia was capable of absorbing 70,000 new citizens a year, and that it would be anything up to two years before large-scale immigration could begin, although special classes of urgently needed workers and nominated relatives would be welcome in the meantime," said Mr Calwell. Although British shipping had en- countered unexpected commitments, it was certain that by the end ol the two-year period substantial numbers ol specially required work- ers and nominated migrants would 'have been introduced. 