Govt. Should Tell Us Just What IS Wrong At Bunnerong X LDERMAN PARRY, of the County fcouncil,, told a meeting of business men on Monday night that a Sydney would suffer seri ous power blackouts until 1949. Businessmen called the meeting to protest against the constantly recurring break down in the electricity supply. For this many alibis have been produced — and some of them, beyond the Council's control, no doubt explain the inefficiency of the service which keeps this city of 1,500,000 people always on the verge of darkness. But one gets a clue: to under lying causes from the bland confession that we must go on expecting power breakdowns ior another two years. ' in these tv/d'yssrff Syfeej looks forward to expanding its industry, much of which de pends upon electricity for power. If we cannot carry the load of present consumption how can we hope to provide the power for more industries and greater production? Clearly the County Council needs to be infected with a sense of the urgency of this basic problem. Councillor Parry says the Council expected this year to receive from England new machinery to increase Bun- nerong's output. "But," he adds, "we have learnt that the British Gov ernment has cancelled indefi nitely the delivery of this machinery because it is needed in England." If this is so the Federal Gov ernment should investigate and press the British Govern ment to fulfil the contract. The other day Mr. Chifley told us that Britain had assented in principle to the need for transferring British industry to safer parts of the Empire — including Australia. What is our hope of carry ing out this plan if Britain denies us the means of supply ing power? As Councillor Parry said yes terday at the meeting of the County Council, "There has been a little too much hush- hush" about the breakdowns. The conflicting explanations and the Council's action in suppressing a report which, presumably, gave reasons for the increasingly frequent blackouts have left the public with the impression that the Council itself is inefficient and is trying to cover up its Inefficiency. The time seems to have arrived for the State Govern ment to report clearly upon the reasons why this city is worse served with electricity than any other city of its size in the world. ? ? Petrol THE pool system of p.et-. \- rol rationing is to end. Rationing will continue. Why, is not clear, since other countries — including New Zea land and South Africa — have been able to abandon it. If the petrol companies have been allowing the sellers big ger supplies than they are officially entitled to get, this suggests that the importers are not afraid of . supplies. The clear fact which sur vives all explanations of the need for petrol rationing is that abundant petrol is avail able for all cars on the roads sd.thg petrol-rationing bureaucracy is cos tiff g1 the payers between £150,000 and £200,000 a year. . ' ? ? A.B.C. News PHE Government will deal urgently with the report of the Parliamen tary Broadcasting Com mittee on the A.B.C.'s complaint that it cannot balance its budget. Principal source of this dif ficulty is- the politically im posed news service. The Commission estimated this service would cost not less than £155,000— £70,000 more than it was proposing to pay. Practising newspapermen set the figure at £200,000 a year. Now. the Government has to decide how the A.B.C. is to pay for the service without cutting other features in the A.B.C. programmes. The answer is obvious — higher licence fees: ? ' ? No Experience X VISITING Danish journalist was sur prised when the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Cal- well) "told her he had never been abroad and had no wish to go. "I think it must be awfully difficult to be a Minister for Immigration if you have not been abroad," she said. She doesn't know our Mr. Calwell. After all, he is game enough to be Minister for Information, too. 