FROM OUR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOLJSJ No. 22 CALWELL'S HAUNTING FEAR.— Carrying with him "a haunting fear that Japan will rise again before Austi'alia has doubled her population" Immigration Minister Gahvell flew to London and Europe a few days ago "to get ships, ships and more ships." Not long ago Calwell, a third generation Australian with a mixed Welsh- Irish- American ancestry, told a Danish journalist he would "never go outside Austi'alia." Prime Minister Chifley is sending him "because you, Arthur, can find out what lies behind the shipping hold-up in London." So the one-time isolationist, the same man who used to breathe fire and brimstone about British Imperialism, the anti-cojiscriptionist who even during the regime of the wartime C'urtin Government objected to any compulsory military service, Arthur Augustus Calwell is now among the dignified of Whitehall. Off-stage, Calwell is a thoroughly likeable person. His vituperation comes largely from reading the fiery debates of the Federation period and his belief that personal invective is the seasoning of political debate. Handling Immigration portfolio he has dropped this habit and made friends among the Opposition parties and influenced the most conservative party people. DISAPPOINTED.' — On the eve of his departure I "quizzed" him about his hopes. He was, he said, "profoundly disappointed that the logic of the Australian case for more immigrant ships has not brought better results." He re-1 called that when the Prime Minister j was in London early in 1946 it was indicated that by the end of 1947 the number of berths would be about 35,-1 000 for the ensuing year. For each! subsequent year the number of berths ! was to increase until by the end of j 1950 Australia would have an excess! of 70,000 arrivals over departures.! The fact is that now, at the end of! 1947, Britain offers only 6,000 berths; for the whole of this year while 186,- : 000 immigrants are registered in. London . . . hence Calwell's fright and flight. \ TOUGH BRITISH ARGUMENT.— j There seems. no doubt from com- j ments made here by the officers of the; British High Commissioner's office that while theoretically Britain offers j the maximum freedom to her subjects • to go anywhere to live her dire needi for manpower for - reconstruction makes her very stubborn about supplying ships to bring thousands of the picked artisans, the most enterprising people in the community to Australia. P.M. Chiflley insists on ten Britishers for every other migrant and thinks Arthur can get behind this British argument. Admitting Britain's need, Calwell has Cabinet instructions to point out that Australia has now undertaken a heavier share of British defence than ever before—some Britisji Conservatives, who remember the early 1940's, may smile wryly at the changed Arthur—and that without population Australia cannot play her part in decentralising the British Commonwealth of Nations. Defence Minister John Dedman has gone a few days ahead to underline this defence angle so recently announced. And—another political irony— Transport Minister Eddie Ward is busy at Geneva asking that all Australian mandated territory, and especially Manus Island (where the U.S.A. spent 200,000,000 dollars in fortifications during the war) be placed under the new United Nations Trusteeship system. Why? Yes, Eddie will have to say it—"so that Australia can make Manus Island a strong naval base for British Emipre defence." And Calwell will remark to the British Ministers who applaud this Australian proposal, "Manus Island is of little strategic value unless there are enough Australians to occupy it and be behind it." FARMERS WANT MIGRANTS.— These are some of the currents behind the Australian imruigration and defence policies. At home, the Chifley Government's major worry on these policies, however, is ttiav, according to departmental surveys, there are 47,000 more positions available in Australia than there are workers to fill them . , . they are jobs like domestic service in homes, in Hospitals and other institutions, nursing, all phases of building, specialised engineering and sheer hard unskilled labouring. Experience has proved to the Government that few Australians will accept employment on b;g engineering undertakings which form part of the next five years of public works. An infusion of new preuuctive people is the intention. In Calwell's mail, a few days before he left, were many letters from primary producers, especially in N.S.W. and Queensland, asking for their former Italian prisoners-of-war workers back as Australian citizens. So that Calwell tells doubters among the j Labour Party that he knows, of "10,- 000 farms where there are rooms and, in some instances, houses, awaiting immigrants who will work hard." Un- less he can persuade Britain to release the ships he fears Canada and South Africa will get the English people we need; or he will be obliged to bring displaced persons from Europe in thousands in foreign ships. OVERTIME TAXATION.— With so many Cabinet Ministers abroad Chifley is spending most of June out of Canberra as far away from the National Capital as Western Australia where the Labour flag has been laid low by the new Liberal Government. Chifley is aiso in minor strife with the South Australian branch of the A.L.P. because he rejected everyone of a long list of taxation demands which they put to him very hopefully. He knocjced back any suggestions "no taxation for overtime," because "overtime earnings are clearly income and any departure from this would make it impossible for the Government to resist similar claims for other classes of income outside normal earnings." Chif. thinks he has been amazingly generous already. He quietened the* Parliamentarians with a tenner rise and July 1 is not far behind ! FOUR AUSTRALIAN CLASSES.— - Interesting statistics released the other day from the Treasury have been under the taxation microscope this week. Last year 1,421,000 or 72.5 per cent, of the working population were in the £400 a year class,, 482,130 or 24.5 per cent, were in the £400-£1,000 a year class, 57,110 or 2.9 per cent, in the £l,000-£5,000 a year class and 2,330 or 0.1 per cent, in the over £5,000 a year class. So where are the rich men? Can'the 2.9 per cent, carry the heaviest burden of taxation indefinitely? And these are Treasury questions, not mine ! * CANBERRA'S ICY WINDS.— Governor General W. J. McKell and Her Excellency Mrs. McKell are still off the visiting lists to the various State Government Houses. Shivering in the exile of remote "Yarralumla" the former Premier is making a. valiant effort to break through the icy social cold far chillier than the icy . winds now blowing off the Alps- Some of Canberra's "untouchables" waited half-hopefully, half-feai-fully lest the King's Birthday Honours contain a McKell knighthood. They had scarcely breathed again, when, at a party given on his retirement, Sir Leighton Bracegirdle, formerly Secretary to the King's brother, l-evealed that when told of the McKell appointment "and the attitude of some," the Duchess of Gloucester flashed, "If any man or woman fails to pay due respect to our successor, then he or she is guilty of an insult to the King." Strange—but more names are appearing on the Government House visitors book ! 