NORTHERN BUILDERS" SUPPLIES PTY, LTD. [ ROR BRST QUALITY TOOLS, PLUMBING MATERIAL 5 PAINTS and BUILDERS' HARDWARE , ? Agent» tot CAIRNS, BABINDA Distributors loi Darra ¡ Cairns Bricks and INNISFAIL "Ace" Brand Cement ? ájm, SUE SAN'S jlikTOWti RAD,°ENG,NE|RS RsVDTQ For Everything In kV!~ «nd Distributora. Electrical. Phone 2482, Box 792. 34A SPENCE-STREET . - CAIRNS iL ugh Dash's f Sport Another inch 8 J he'd be champ I A Vic Perry, of the stage 81 pickpocket act, goes into ¡j training next week in v quest of the world's most k unusual athletic record. ta The world's chest-ex- n pansion record' is 10, e inches. Perry can expand p 10 inches-from 50 inches t to 60 inches. « That's not Just a claim, rvs i measured it 1 lt explains why Perry al- . ways wears sloppy, loose-fitting " clothes. In earlier days ne < used to take a deep breath, rip : the buttons off his coat and 1 shirt. i He didn't get his massive « ehest development picking " pockets on the vaudeville stage, c Before he .went on the boards he was a professional wrestler , under the name of "Fingers" c Orsini. \ Back in Manchester In 1938 c he wrestled a draw with Jim , XiOndos, one of the present 1 army of claimants to the world's heavyweight wrestling r title. { He had more than 100 bouts e against TEngH«h and American "heavies." collected the wrest!- . ers' usual trademarks-a flat- ; tened nose and caullflowered r ears. They were a handicap wheo he tried to break Into the movie \ business, so he placed himself { under a famous plastic sur- \ geon. 1 The surgeon gave bim a new pair of shell-like ears. Vic bad ] to wear pads over- them tor j months, until they set in their present classic design. , rhe surgeon removed the \ bone from Vic's nose, modelled ? the new nose on that of the j late Laird Cregax, for whom Vic was acting as a stand-in. He played tn a few "Crime , Doesn't Pay" shorts, went back to the stage again as a proies- ' sJonal pickpocket. \ On the voyage to Australia, Rheumatism j fftí 6ím to thé \ feemtsteod Agoattiag riieamefie païa can cripple yes. Act MW ie rid yew system ef potfoaqas waste nutter that seeps arfo A* bloodstream, éaatet needle sharp arie acid crystals fe lodge ¡a ?túseles and joints. Krasehea S «Ht talen regularly flushes out the system, (».pf rt fra« from the watt* matter that cassas rbeamaKsm, lumbago, .tiff {oints. Krachen*rielpi voa meet daily tatb with energy, enthusiasm. HOW KEUSCHEN WORKS Oiste«! fasts have prevea the two- fold reit» of a small -daily dose af Kru sehen Salta («nooglt fe cover a sapance la tha morning cup of faa). Ftnt-the bloodstream h purified. Second - bodily (uaefions ara lap* normal, regular and cofltpisfe. Teaa ap wita stadias-the baaltli merse of tmtttoas. KRUSCHEN SI I VB Vt . karlie a* al H Ll O CfcemWsei>d Stare. 6ef fief KrascfiM feeJIaf ATBA MOTORS AUTHORISED FORD DEALERS. MALANDA Popular 8-h.p. Anglia, Fordor f edan, Coupe Utility SEAL CAR ECONOMY. FORD PRODUCTS FOR ALL TRANSPORT. BOOKS THAT ARE "NEWS" If t book is "headline news" to-day you will find ii in the CAIRNS SCHOOL OF ARTS LIBRARY ind READING ROOM . . nowhere » upHo-tbe-oinôte Mading to con renient and easily placed at your disposal 1 Included smonjgst the 200 Kew Books added to the Library during the mooth of August vc; "KING COTTON." by Thomas Armstrong euther of "Crowther of Bank dom," "SONG Of THE MOCKING BIRD." by Ann Duffield, author of "Forever To-morrow." "KIMMIE." by lohn Paddy Carstairs, author of "Magie*! Was The Moment.'' . These »nd numerous others are available to subscribers af Jbc moderate fe* of 2/6 ocr month for casual visitors to only £1 for the full year. WHY NOT TAKE; UP MEMBERSHIP TO-DAY ? . ' Appjy Secretary, . ¿ CAIRNS SCHOOL OF ARTS LIBRARY Md READING ROOM 5bîeKI»-*trret. . ...., . ..PJaoncJ42L, . .. rio worked out with, wrestlers Cats MeLain and Otalef Little rolf. Head holds were barred, 'lastie ears come very expert Ive. Since he bas been in Austrä- te, he bas worked out with eteran Sam Burmeister to :eep t^rn^pir in shape. After another three months" raining. Vic thinks he can oaks that extra Inch in chest xpansion. to achieve a world ecord. The only trouble is that ne tas forgotten just who holds he record. He wrestled arith Toga books . On his trips to Sydney lor matches, Newcastle wrestler Leo Jensen ilways carries a mysterl >us kitbag. Dressing - room atten iants have hefted its might, guessed that it sontained about a cwt. of ead or pig-iron. The theory is that Leo, a )hyslcal culture fanatic, humps t about for exercise. Wrestlers ire strange folk that way. But there is no real secret ibout the bag. It holds Leo's pirate library. His taste in iterature is unusual. Here are some of his books: Dr. Bolbery on Hypno-Analysts; K Search in Secret India, by Paul Brun ton; Dr. F. Rawson's Ufe Understood. There are also works by Dr. Bernard Hollander, Professor Bern Helm, and Louis Orton. Those familiar with these volumes have guessed by now that Leo is a follower of the Yoga ascetic philosophy. He has practised, studied the Toga tfflrmrtgs for many- years. It began about 17 years ago in Canada. Leo, a cabin boy in a Danish windjammer, had tamped ship at Seattle, USA. with only Ave dollars in his pocket, he set off for Canada, He hoped to get a job in a logging camp, build up his weight to join the ranks of professional wrestlers. To save his boots be walked barefoot with his boots'slung over bis shoulders. He hitch- hiked, slept in fields, "jumped the rattler." He. fell in with a group of Hindus who practised the Yoga cult, studied their methods of Immunising their bodies from pain. He was just becoming ready interested when immigration authorities picked him up, through an interpreter told him he was te be shipped back to Denmark, A Danish contractor nnm*^ Hans Petersen saved bim from deportation. Leo stayed with Petersen for three and a- half years, working as a dogmas on skyscraper construction. When he was ready he placed himself under contract to Emil Blank, who used to manage the world wrestling champion Frank Goten. He wrestled ms way around the globe, first under Klank, then under Ted Thye, and then under Walter Miller. The war marooned him In Australia. He married a New- castle girl, Gladys Pierre, now has a three-year-old son, Lee. ATI the time Leo had been adding to his library of works on Yoga, became immersed in that strange philosophy. By the application of Yoga methods he claims to have in- creased his height by one and a quarter inches in three weeks. As a further test he put os 181b. in weight in five days, then slimmed it off again, pure- ly by rpf^fol contort. He can stab ms arms and body with pms, feel tao pain. He sits, sleeps on a hard floor. When wrestling tn Brisbane last winter Leo injured his spinal, muscles, was out of the game for three weeks. But the Yogis had a cure for it He says he fixed himself up by mental thermolysis. His Yoga training entails hours of meditation But. he explains, it must always be done whDe lying or reclining on something hard and uncom- fortable. Leo's big aim is to prolong bis life to 150 years. He says the Yogis can do it. But why? IPERRY I . .. ear trouble. I His dog conld scent victory . Last week Jockey George Moore's wire haired terrier, General, wandered away from home. 1 All but ardent dog lovers must have sniffed a little at the frantic ef- forts to find him. Search parties of stableboys, schoolchildren on holidays, combed the Maroubra are» where George lives. Radio stations put over calls giving General's description. Newspaper advertisements ap- peared. A handsome reward was offered. Three days later General was found. He had wandered into premises two doors away from the home of another jockey, ? Arthur Ward, had been made welcome The'excitement over-his dis- appearance is explained by tba. fact that in the Moore house hold General is accepted as an unfailing barometer ot George's success. ! George ¿sys that when be rides a winner or two General is waiting for bim at the gate, snuffles his - legs, licks his hands. When George doesn't ride a winner, General wont have - anything to do with wrn, sulks under the Chesterfield lounge. At first General's reactions to George's race-evening home- comings were regarded a» men . coincidence. But General hasn't made one mistake in the past year» And the effusiveness ot his welcome is invariably commen- surate with the number of win- ners George rides. The day George kicked three home, General gave bim tb» licking of bis life. There have been many, theor- ies - for General's apparent knowledge about happenings at Randwick, Rosehill, er else- where. An apprentice Jockey friend . with an earthy approach to such things, suggested that General might listen into the radio on race days. Nobody even bothered to answer him. A theory advanced by a dog vet, with an imagination, is that all human emotions are allied to body aroma. As the emotions change, so does the aroma. , .Only the hyper-sensitive nos- trils of a dog can detect the change. So when George comes borne flushed with success. General knows. To him it ls like a whiff of Chanel No. 5. But when George arrives back depressed, with a succession of unplaced rides, bad luck in run- ning, and possibly a reprimand, General sniffs that- out, toa matroz himself scarce. It probably reminds him ot the Botany kennels, where he was whelped. So far General's almost psychic conduct has related to events that have already hap- pened. George's big nope is that one day General might acquire the j same prescience on Friday] nichts. 1 The ring'in wai f atv dinton % Fellow-apprentice* re- fer to young Athol Hasel- ton as the "ring-in" ( Jockey. *But there is noth- ing in that description to interest the stewards. The apprenticeship ht now holds "with Canter- bury trainer Ossie Pettit was offered to Athol'» brother, Ken. At that tua«Í Athol was milk- ing cowl at a dalry, and nelpiQff¡ with the morning muk den»-' erle«. '! ' He was unhappy in the JOSM So when the stable job earn*' along Ken did the brotherly act and sent Athol along Instead. Pettit didnt know for a day or so that ne didn't bare tb* . right Hazelton. When he 4M. he didn't object, because Athol had shown himself very heady with horses. He hasn't regretted tt dace, because Athol, who bobbed up on an outsider. Kuver* Hope, at Canterbury last month, la rated one of the most promising apprentices In the game. Brother Ken ts happy, to». He got himself « job witt * firm of (Um distributors, «*«. all the advance releases, ls pow ' on the way up. 