Visitor From Denmark Interested In Our City Busy Seeing Australia] A DISTINGUISHED visitor to Broken Hill ¡s Miss Esther Skouboe, Danish Master of Science, who is in Australia gathering information for a book on Aus- tralian social and political conditions, and to discover the possibilities of getting Danish immigrants to this country. She is very interested in the Flying Doctor service and the mines, and to enable her to contact the , right people at the right time, she is being shown around by a member of the Zinc Corporation staff. Miss Skouboe arrived from Denmark on January G and since then has travelled extensively. She wants to go from here to Melbourne by road, for that is the best way of seeing the country- side, and is hoping to contact someone going that way by car in about a week's time. . She said this morning that a large number of people in Den- mark are interested in Australia, moi'e so than America, because they look upon Australia as a new country with greater chances of development. . The sunny climate and "the easy manner in which thc people of this country speak are two things that she has noticed favorably since she arrived. Referring to immigrants, Miss Skouboe suid that she did not think that Danish scientists should come to Australia, because the conditions herc arc of a lower standard for them. General tradesmen and farmers would be able to settle down quickly, for there is thc same free and easy way of speaking and democratic behavior. lt would be all right for a few business men to come here, but scientists and engineers would have difficulty in settling down. A shortage of money on tho part of many will niukc immigration difficult, for no free passages are issued by thc Australian Govern- ment. ' . Miss Skouboe is correspondent for a Danish newspaper,, and that is how she came , out here; She is in no wny connected with the Government. . Referring to the present posi- tion in Denmark, Miss 'Skouboe said raw materials have increased in price, whereas' the prices bf butter, cream, milk, and other farm products have not increased, which adds to the trouble. GOOD QUALITY CLOTHES Shortage of food was not really experienced during the war, be- cause thc Germans found difficulty in requisitioning food from the number of small farms, but luxu- ries wore not plentiful. Dod shoots, pillow slips and other clothes were procurable dur- ing the war, but now all clothe» are rationed. Nevertheless th ft quality ls far above that in Aus- tralia. Comparing Sydney und Adelaide she said that apart trout th»? IT»r bor", the bridge und tho outlying* scenery, Adelaida was by fur »he prettier city. Its brntid Blreotu anti numerous purku were urteilt;1 its assets. After her i rip lo Melbourne, Miss Skouboe will hoad l'or Queensland and other pitrts of Australia. She does not know how long she will romain In tho coun- try, bul it will probably bo for .about two years. 