Calwell's Haunting Fear CARRYING WITH HIM "a haunting fear that Japan will rise again before Australia has doubled her population," Immigration Minister Calv/ell flew to Lon don and Europe a few days ago "to get ships, ships and more ships." Not long ago, Calwell, a third generation Australian with a mixed Welsh-Irish-American ancestry, told a Danish journalist he would "iiever go outside Aus tralia." Prime Minister Chifley is sending him "Because you, Arthur, can find cut what lies behind the shipping hold-up in London." So the one-time isolationist, the man who used to breathe fire and brimstone about British Imperial ism, the anti-conscriptionlst who even during the regime of the war time Curtin Government objected to any compulsory military service,' Arthur Augustus Calwell, is now among the dignified of Whitehall. Off-stage, Calwell is a thoroughly', likeable person. His vituperation^ comes largely from reading tha fiery l debates of the Federation period! and his belief that personal invec-| tive is the seasoning of political de bate. Handling the Immigration port folio he has dropped this habit and made friends among the Opposi tion parties and influenced the most conservative party people. On the eve of his departure I quizzed him about his hopes. He was, he said, "Profoundly disap pointed that the logic of the Aus tralian case for more immigrant ships has not brought better results."1 He recalled that when the Prime Minister was in London early in 194(? it was indicated that by the end of 1947 the number of berths would be about 35,000 for the ensuing year. For each subsequent year the num ber of berths was to increase until by the end of 1950 Australia would have-an excess of 70,000 arrivals over departures. The fact is that now, at the end of IS , Britain offers only 6,000 berths for the whole of this year while 186,000 immigrants are registered in London . . . hence Cal well's fright and flight. BRITISH ARGUMENT 'INHERE SEEMS no doubt from -*• comments made here by the of ficers of the British High Commis sioner's office that while theoretic ally Britain offers the maximum freedom to her subjects to go any where to live, her uire need for manpower for reconstruction makes her very stubborn about supplying ships to bring thousands of the picked artisans, the most enterpris ing people in the community to Australia. P.M. Chifley insists on 10 Brit ishers for every other rugrant and thinks Arthur can get behind this British argument. Admitting Britain's need, Calwellj has Cabinet instructions to point, out that Australia has now under taken a heavier sha. e of British de fence than ever before—some Brit ish Conservatives, who remember the early 1940's, may smile wryly at the changed Arthur—and that without population Australia cannot pecially Manus Island (where the U.S.A. spent 200,000,000 dollars in fortifications during the war) be placed under the new United Nat ions Trusteeship system. Why? Yes, Eidic will have to say it—"So that Australia can make Manus Island a strong naval bas^ for British Em pire defence." And Calwell will remark to the British Ministers who applaud this A^tralian proposal: "Manus Island is of little strategic value unless there are enough Australians to oc cupy it and be behind it." |VACANT JOBS j-j'-liESE ake some of the currents ) bcnmci tne Australian rmzmjra [uon ana defence poucies. ai name, I the CITtriey government's major I worry on these policies, however, is tnat, according to uepart'mental [ surveys, tncre are 47,00u more posF [ piay ner part in decentralising tlie British C&mmonweauh; or Notions. Defence Minister John Bedman IiaS Bone a rew days aneacl to underline this defence angle so recently an nounced. And—another political irony— I Transport Minister Eddie Ward-is | busy at Geneva asking that all Aus tralian mandated territory, and es tlons available in Australia than there are workers to fill them. They are jods llKe domestic ser ivice in homes, in hospitals, and ,cther institutions, nursing, all fchases of building, specialised engin eering and sheer, hard, unskilled I labouring. Experience has proved,to the Government that lew Austral Hans will accept employment on big engineering undertakings whlcQ form part or the next live years of public works. An infusion of ne\V productive people is the intention.1 <• In Calwell's mall, a few days liej fore 1 . left, were many letters from primary producers, especially in N.S.V. and Queensland, asking for their former Italian prisoners-of-war iV-.'kers back as Australian citizens'. So that Calwell tells doubters among ;the Labour J^arty tnat ne knows of "10,000 rarms where tnere are room's lana, in some instances- houses^ awaiting immigrants who will wo'rg I hard." Uniesc he can persuade Brifcr I ain to release the ships lie fears Canada and South Africa will get the English people we need; or lie will be obliged to bring displace persons from Europe in thousands-.la foreign ships. • ; - OVERTIME TAX •' WITH SO MANY Cabinet Minis ters abroad, Chifley is spending most of June out of Canberra goihg as far away from the National Cap£ ta'. as Western Australia, where the Labour flag has been laid low Jby the new Liberal Government. i i Chifley is also in minor strife with the South Australian branch of the A.L.P. because he rejected every onji of a long list of taxation demands which it put to him very hopefully^ He knocked back any suggestions dt "no taxation for overtime" because "overtime earnings are clearly in come and any departure from this would make it impossible for the Government to resist similar claims for other classes of income outside normal er.rnings." Uhif thinks he has been amaz ingly generous already. . . He quiet* ened the Parliamentarians with a tenner rise and July 1 is not far o£\ 'four classes • I INTERESTING s^.listics' released '■* the other day from the Treasury ha/e been under the taxation micro sc ne this week. Last year 1,421,000, or 72.5 per cent, of the working population, were in t' £400 a year class; 482,130, or 24.5 per cent., were in the £400 £1,000 a year class; 57,110, or 2.9 per cent., in the £1,000-£5,000 a yeat class, and 2,330, or 0.1 per cent., in the over £5,000 a year class. So wher.e are the rich men? Can the 2.9 per cent, carry the heaviest burden of taxation indefinitely? And these are iTreasury questions, not mine! 1 ICY WINDS p OVERNOR-GENERAL W. J. ^ McKell and Her Excellency Mrs. McKell are still off the visiting lists to the various S'-ate Government Houses. Shivering in the exile of re mote Yarralumla, the former Pre mier is making a valiant effort to break through the Icy, social cold, far chillier then the icy winds now blowing: off the Alps. Some of Canberra's "untouchable£" waited half-hopefully, half-fearfully lest ' _e King's Birthday Honours contain a McKell knighthood. They h;.d scarcely breathed again, when at a party given on his retirement, Sir Leighton Bracegirdle. formerly Secretary to the King's brother, re vealed that when told of the McKell appointment, "and the attitude of seme," the Duchess of Gloucester flashed: "If any man or woman fails pay due respect to ou- successor, then he or she is guilty of an insult to the King." Strange—but more names are ap pearing on the Government House visitors' book. 