Overseas iiay by Day [ July 25 Resistance by Indonesian torces in Java has stiffened with counterat tacks against the Dutch on all fronts. The Indonesians claim to have in flicted casualties and to have checked the Dutch in some towns, but the general advance continues. Twenty-seven miners were killed, and five others are in hospital, as a result of an explosion yesterday in one of the largest coal mines in Illi nois at West Frankfort (U.S.A.). It was the second mine disaster in the southern Illinois coalfields in four months, an explosion at the Central Coal Company's mine on March 25 killing 111 miners. The U.S. State Department is con tinuins its determination to proceed with the drafting of the Japanese peace terms through the agency of several Pacific Powers, rather than through the Foreign Ministers' Coun cil as urged by Russia. Australia was prepared to take 10 people of British birth for every one emigrant from the rest of Europe to keep the British Commonwealth of Nations closely together, and to solve in the best way possible Australia's defence problem, said the Australian Immigration Minister (Mr. Calwell) last night. However, he added lack of shipping was helding up emigration from Britain, whereas the International Refugee Organisation could obtain ships for European displaced persons. July 26 In its drive to occupy the 200-mile stretch of the North Java coastline, east of Batavia, the Dutch army has now taken the Port Indramaju and reached Losari, half-way to Tegal, according to a Dutch communique is sued to-day. According to passengers reaching Batavia from Semarang by Dutch plane Tegal this morning' was in flames. Some Soviet army officers are ac cused of falling under the influence of Bourgeois ideology,' according to a dispatch radioed from Paris by the correspondent of the Columbia Broad casting System. The accusations were made in what was described as a 'top secret' So viet Army Order, and promulgated by Colonel-General Kurasov, Com manding General of the Russian Cen tral Group of Armies (Austria and Hungary). According to the Australian Exter nal Affairs Minister (Dr. Evatt) the Japanese were being given an oppor tunity of showing that they could atone for their crimes against human ity by becoming a civilised nation, fit to associate in freedom with the rest of the world. It has been officially announced that two members of the Royal Sig nallers Corps were killed to-day by a booby trap, attached to an under ground cable which they were repair me on the outskirts of Jerusalem. Terrorists had apparently cut the cable and installed the bobby trap. July 27 Colonel Hodgson, Australian dele pate to the United Nations, said to day that the Australian Government was consulting 'with other Govern ments' about requesting the United Nations to intervene in Indonesia, says the New York Times The London correspondent of the New York newspaper, P.M., says the British Prime Minister (Mr. Attlee) approved the Australian project. The Dutch Army has denied a Re publican claim to have captured Me dan, the biggest Dutch held town in Sumatra. Meanwhile, a Dutch Amy communique claims the capture of Telag, a north Java port, 50 miles east of Cheribon. Australia's External Affairs Minis ter (Dr. Evatt) had to come to Japan because he was determined to ensure that the initiative in the Japanese peace settlement, among all nations except America, continued with Aus tralia, a Diplomatic Staff member said to-day. President Truman's 94-year-old mother, Mrs. Martha Truman, died yesterday at Grandview, Missouri, while President Trui^an was flying from Washington to 'her bedside. July 28 A Dutch economic affairs official in Batavia says the Dutch capture of Bukit Asem coal mines, in southern Sumatra, ensures coal supplies for all Dutch coastal and overseas shipping in Indonesian waters. i The London Daily Mail says the Dutch Navy has opened the way for big stores of Java raw materials to reach world markets by ordering the ; opening of the north Java ports of Cheribon, Probolingo, and Banjuw wangi. The Danish girl, Elna Andersen, who left Cape. Gris Nez last night to swim the English Channel, gave up after 2 hours and 20 minutes when four miles from the French coast. She said the rough seas almost smothefed her. The Nottingham swimmer, Tom Blower, last night began his second attempt to swim the North Channel from Donaghadee, County Down, to Port Patrick, Scotland, a distance of 25 miles. The Australian External Affairs Minister (Dr. Evatt) is among a number of statesmen being consid ered for the regular session of the United Nations general assembly opening at Flushing on September 16, says the New York Times Lake Success correspondent. Britain will make the results of rocket tests in Australia available to the United States Army, according to an American General Staff Officer. The Washington correspondent of the United Press says that the officer said to-day that the U.S.A. and Britain had a long-range gentlemen's agree ment for standardisation of arms. July 29 The British United Press Tel Aviv correspondent says that a man claiming to speak for the irgun Zval Leumi (Jewish Terrorist organisation) telephoned Tel Aviv newspapers early this morning that two British ser geants were then being executed. The terrorists had previously threatened to execute these two men if the three terrorists — Jacob Weiss, Meir Nakar and Absalom Habid — were hanged. These three were hanged in Acre prison at dawn to-day. With Britain living at the rate of £500 million a year beyond her income, an economic crisis seems imminent. Several Cabinet Ministers, leading bankers, Labour leaders, industrial ists, and newspapers describe the out look in the most alarming words they can command. A rumour circulating in Tokio that the Australian External Territories Minister (Dr. Evatt) is likely to fol low the precedent set up by visiting American dignitaries and call upon Emperor Hirohito, was indignantly denied to-day by members of his staff. Dr. Evatt has not changed his view that the Emperor should be obliged to clear himself of any responsibility of war guilt. The Dutch campaign has been so successful that eastern and western Java are already under full control, says the London Daily Telegraph's special Batavia correspondent. He ex pects Central Java operations will reach a climax soon, and that regional administration should be operating within three weeks. 