Smash Debris Hurled On Roof 3 HURT IN BRIDGE COLLISION PIECES of wreckage from a truck and a 30lb. section of the Story Bridge dropped on to houses in Kangaroo Point after a colli- sion on the bridge approaches at 7.10 last night. Three people were injured — none seriously — when the truck and a sedan car collided on the Woolloongabba approach. The truck careered 150 feet out of control before striking the guard rail. Heavy, steel stanchions were wrenched from their concrete mountings and the truck came to a halt with the bonnet hanging over the edge of the bridge. The injured were :— Noel O'Brien, 23, of St. Paul's Terrace, city, driver of the truck, shock. Doreen O'Brien, 21, his wife, lacerations to head, severe shock. Harriet Lyons, 50, married, of Alfred Street, Valley, shock. A man, his wife, and three young sons in the car escaped injury. Seen From City FIRST alarm at ambulance headquarters was given by the wife of the caretaker of a Queen Street bank, who saw the smash from an upper floor window half a mile away. Ambulance bearers treated the injured and took them to the casualty ward of the Gen- eral Hospital. Eye-witnesses said the truck struck the rail with terrific force. Extraordinary luck pre- vented its crashing over the rail on to an occupied hut at Yungaba migrant depot below. The front of the truck was wrecked and the side of the car extensively damaged. Pieces of wreckage and broken glass were strewn along the bridge for more than 75 yards. "Like Blitz" A HEAVY section of iron piping 12ft. long from the bridge rail crashed on the roof of a hut at Yungaba directly over a room in which two girls were sleeping. Their mother, Mrs. A. Bocker, an Englishwoman, who has been in Brisbane only since last Thursday, said: "It was like the blitz. As well as the piping, huge pieces of concrete bounced off the roof." Other British migrants rushed from the hut to find the bonnet of the truck, a large section of the front bumper, and sections of the mudguard lying nearby. Another English migrant, Mr. A. Hitch, architect, and his Danish wife, found jagged lumps of masonry from the bridge lying near their hut. Some were up to 12 inches in diameter. Lucky Escape MRS. V. Morris, wife of the driver of the car, sat ner- vously in the damaged car after the smash, with her three young sons, Peter, Anthony, and Rodney. "We were heading into town. There was a terrible crash and the car stopped," she said. "I thought the children had been hurt, but they were all right." Traffic police, and police from Kangaroo Point were still investigating the cause of the smash late last night. GUARD RAIL on the southern approach to the Story Bridge broken after it had been struck by a four-ton truck last night. The truck hung pre- cariously over the 80ft. drop . . . . uuaku KAIL on the southern approach to the Story Bridge broken after it had been struck by a four-ton truck last night. The truck hung pre cariously over the 80ft. drop .... . . . Police pushing back the damaged truck from the rail. Arrow shows snapped bumper bar . . . . . . Police pushing back the damaged truck from the rail. Arrow shows snapped bumper bar . . . . . Mr. and Mrs. L. Hitch, English migrants living at the Yungaba im- migration depot, inspect- ing the broken bumper bar (arrow) and portion of the truck bonnet which crashed on the roof of their hut. . . . Mr. and Mrs. L. Hitch, English migrants living at the Yungaba im migration depot, inspect ing the broken bumper bar (arrow) and portion of the truck bonnet which crashed on the roof of their hut. 