South African Zionists Sent I Supply Ship to Israel - JOHANNESBURG, (WNA) The first cargo of South African goods for the State of Israel left Cape Town in the Danish vessel “Benny skou” towards the end of August. Her cargo consisted of (S,300 tons of food supplies, non-inilitary equipment, medical supplies and textiles. The cargo of the “Bennyskou” was organised through the S.A. Zionist Federation, with the consent of the Government. ;y'i The idea of the shipment was < i , bom six months ago. Ever since ;$!' the country has been scoured for h; all availiable surplus products ! -' i which are required by the people ' of the State of Israel. In accord : ' ance with the provisions of [ Treasury, only commodities that I were in surplus supply in the j Union, and not required by the ;i population of the country, could 1: be included in the shipment. Under v the United Nations Truce, no military equipment whatsoever could be included. Months of j pains-taking effort, in which the j ' entire Zionist Eederation was involved, aided by voluntary com h;i mittees all over the country, made it possible to collect one of the (■; most valuable cargoes to leave for h Israel since the declaration of the h! Jewish State. ;; In view of the complicated h] nature of the transactions involved h the finalisation of this first ship ;j ment represents a triumph of v I determination over great obstacles fij and difficulties, which could only :■} be overcome through the active co-operatiion of the Government Departments concerned. GOOD CO-OPERATION A typical example of the co operation that was received is ■i] indicated by the ability to send I; several thousand cases of dehydra ted potatoes. The potatoes were ';j freely donated by the Jewish 31 farmers on the Transvaal highveld. These potatoes were dehydrated f; in a plant specially organised to ii: deal with this vast order. Among the dehydrated products ;i in the cargo are 11,500 cases of l dehydrated carrots, cabbages, tomatoes and Soupmix. Much of the cargo was made up with an eye to assisting in the relief of the thousands of Jewish displaced persons who are now being brought into the Jewish State from Cyprus and elsewhere. They mostly arrive without ade quate clothing, no personal belong ings, domestic appliances or facilities for maintaining the ordinary comforts of living. To meet their needs, the shipment includes 35,000 blankets, 2,000 pairs of slippers, thousands of pairs of boots, 11,000,000 ciga rettes, thousands of pairs of shorts, trousers and shirts. There are in addition, 250,000 pairs of worsted socks, 10,000 tooth brush es, 6,000 shaving brushes. Through the provision of these urgently needed necessities of life, Jewish displaced persons will be able to be fitted out properly for the first time in ten years. ACCOMMODATION PROBLEM One of the major problems confronting the Israeli authorities is the provision of suitablee ac commodation and bedding for these vast numbers of new citizens This problem will be' relieved to some extent by the provision of 20.000 sleeping bags which form one of the items in the cargo. Another item in the shipment— 21.000 hand-made garments — represents many months of con centrated effort by hundreds of volunteer workers, organised through the Women’s Zionist Council, to knit and sew garments, required mainly for the children, who are coming in the immigrant ships daily. For them, too, is being provided hundreds of toys and sets of games — the first they will have owned in their young lives. There is a great shortage of medical supplies. To help meet the requirements, 28,000 bandages and quantities of medical supplies are being shipped. The food position of the cargo, in addition to the dehydrated products, consist of thousands of tons of grain, beans, wheat prod ucts, canned fish, jams and canned fruits. It. is confidently expected that as a result of this shipment, new markets will be opened for South African products and merchandise in the Middle East. Among the equipment which is being sent are machines—intended for the agricultural settlements and vocational schools which have an enormous task on hand in teaching unproductive immigrants a useful occupation or trade. 