Sands Of Time Were Running Out For Federal Cabinet By Our Politico! Correspondent in Canberra CABINET'S final meeting before the Easter holidays noted that the sands of time were moving fast towards elections, the prices and rents referendum, and the necessity to make new, perhaps unpopular, decisions about internal security and ex- ternal defence. A LL Ministers studied a statement of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1949. More than an hour, was spent discussing the interna- tional wheat agreement, its effect upon the Pollard stabilisation scheme and on wheat electorates, so often the difference between power and defeat. Apart from decisions about the next parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet discus- sion, but Prime Minister J. B. Chif- ley smoked several pipes with the Federal Secretary of the Labour Party (Mr Pat Kennelly, Victorian M.L.C.), and other Labour Party or- ganisers, on the prospects of the May 29 referendum. There are grave doubts among Ministers at the result of this referendum, since the latest public opinion poll showed a falling- away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian refer- enda become party issues. TThe re- sult "of May 29 will be interpreted by both sides as shadows or sun- shine over their 1949 horoscopes. The Liberals are planning an in- tensive campaign, and it seems cer- tain that Opposition Leader Bob Menzies will be on tour, arguing against any further powers while the present Government remains, before Parliament adjourns in May. As in the 1946 elections, Ben Chif- ley will make a shorter tour over a briefer period. He Broke Another Precedent JRREPRESSIBLE Immigra- tion Minister Arthur Cal- well broke another long establish- ed precedent this week. Having made direct contact with British Cabinet Ministers without the inter- vention of the Australia House red tape entanglements, this energetic Minister issued a statement in his own name after a Cabinet meeting. Eyebrows were raised by other Min- isters. Such announcements usually come from the Prime Minister, but the energetic Arthur had his state- ment about an extension of im- migration ready before Cabinet made its decision. He was so confident of its adop- tion that simultaneous releases were ready in European"" capitals. Calwell quickly won ' the support of Works Minister Nelson Lemmon and Defence Minister John Dedman, who immediately followed Arthur's precedent by issuing a defence state- ment in his own name. They agreed with his aigument that such na- tional works mvohing joint British Commonwealth stiength such as the rocket-range pioject shipbuilding and hjdio- elecuic development foi defence mdustiies weie impossible without immigiant laboui It was felt that assisted passages to Euio peans would stimulate Butish un- derstanding of Austiahas sense of uigencj in this matter While awaiting official íeaction to the iden of emly high-level talks on mass immigiation fiom the Britisn Isles to the Dominions this new Cabinet decision means that more Danish Fiench Dutch and Norwe- gian ships will come to Austiaha Shipping companies have assured Australia that the subsidy on pas- sages for European immigrants will make it woithwhile visiting Austiaha foi cal goes foi Eui ope The Gov- ernment hopes this competition will Dring moie British ships "White-Washing" Report Was Compromise 'T'HREE ministeis will spend then Easter holidays tiy mg to disco\ei how to give the Aus- tralian Broadcasting Commission moie revenue without lifting the lis- teners' licence fee, without allowing adveitising on the national sta- tions and without making national broadcasting a buiden on consoli- dated revenue This year s subsidy to the ABC, apart from licence fees, totals £1,324,000 Postmaster-General Senator Don Cameron, formel P M G Senator Bill Ashley (mentally pieoccupied about shipping hold-ups), and Arthur Calwell, foi met enan man of the Paihamentaiy Bioadcast mg Committee ha\e been asked by Cabinet to mike îecommendaùons fiom the latest report on ABC ad mmistiation Until Cabinet makes a decision, ABC progiammcs cannot be im- proved, noi can plans for 1948-49 be finalised The leport from thiee Govern- ment officers including formel news- paper editor and censor E G Bonnej, is maiked seciet What mtngues Canbena obseners howe\ei is the disappeaiance of the de\astating criticism of E G Bonney m a rnm onty report wntten some weeks ago How a compromise was leached to make a unanimous white wash- ing report on the e\e of Bonneys \oyage to Amenca to take charge of the New York Infoimation Bureau may be revealed when the thiee ministeis issue their recommenda- tions Perhaps Arthui Calwell has his officers repoit up his sleeve 