POST-WAR HOLLAND AMSTERDAM and LIBERATION DAY First impressions of the capital of Holland — Amsterdam — are very favorable. There are canals, broad avenues and modern shops. We entered the citv in a bus which had been awaitina us at an aimort. . which is being considerably enlarged. By E.B. New steel hangars rise from cleared debris. Dutch military police, in British- style battle dress, are in control. They attend to formalities normally undertaken by. immigration officials, as war time precautions are still rigidly enforced. Amsterdam was festive. We ar rived while a Western Union con ference was meeting at The Hague, and the Dutch were also commemor ating Liberation day. 9 War passed Amsterdam without do ing much material damage. Seven teenth century houses in old sections of the city still fiank cobbled streets along the Keizergracht and Heeren- gracht canals. Streets are so narrow here that only one person can pass along them comfortably at a time. Picturesque houses, painted black and brown, with white window frames and curiously shaped gables, topped with a crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Our attention was directed to seve ral gaps among these quaint 17th cen tury buildings. It was explained that during the hard winter of 1945, when part of Holland had already been libe rated by the Allies, Amsterdam suf fered many hardships with the Ger mans still in control. Coal was un obtainable, and Amsterdam's inhabi tants demolished many old houses, utilising the timber for fuel. Pio in Wooden Crosses All over the city there are plain wooden crosses covered With fresh flowers, and at night fires burn con stantly at their base. The crosses marked' the spot where Dutch; resist ance workers had . been shot during occupation. As It was Liberation day, and Amsterdam was honoring its dead, silent crowds moved from one cross to another, some of the citizens carry ing bunches of tulips and nyacinths. Elsewhere in the city, the inhabi tants were celebrating. Streets were garlanded with flags and orange-col ored bunting. Bright lanterns ,illum- lnated the canals by night, and each square swarmed with vendors selling ice cream, hot potato chips and multi colored balloons. ' Roadside cafes were crowded, and young people in gay Friesland and Zeeland costumes sang old ballads and executed folk dances on the pavements to the ac companiment of .violins and accordi ons. We were Instructed that If ever we got lost in Amsterdam we should board the first tram and ask for "The Dam," because all trams seem to pass there. The Dam is a large, cobbled square, where the Royal Palace and New Church are situated. The Dam Palace was rebuilt in 1808 for Louis Bona parte, during Napoleon's occupation of the Low Countries. The palace la known as the house without a door. Its architect seems to have concen trated all his imagination on lofty windows, neglecting to design an im posing entrance, as well. Jt is customary for. Dutch sover- eigns to remain here for a week each June as the city's guests. All religious ceremonies associated with Dutch coronations take place at New Church. The edifice, with Its imposing lines and stained glass windows, was first completed in 1410, but has been re built twice since. Living in Tree Tops Amsterdam stands on marsh lands, and includes 90 islands, with over 300 bridges spanning its many canals. Its founders sank long piles into the soil, some almost 80 feet deep, to build the city. The Dam Palace rests on 13,659 piles, and Erasmus once mockingly called Amsterdam's inhabi tants "rooks living in tree tops." In the 13th century, Amsterdam was known as the Dam . on the Amstil Stream — hence its name — and in the middle 14th century, William IV., Count of Holland, first granted It civic rights. During the 17th century, as seat of the wealthy United East In dia Company, and as a refuge for the persecuted, Amsterdam grew in im portance. Amsterdam is noted for its fine Dutch masters, and many are housed In the Rijks, or State, museum. Rembrandt's exquisite Night Watch, which aroused bitter criticism during the artist's lifetime, has been recently cleaned by art experts. Works by Frans Hals, Van der Heist and a gal axy of other Dutch masters, are at the Rljksmuseum, which is an at tractive; twin- towered, red brick build ing. Rotterdam is connected to Amster- dam by' swift, streamlined trains which stop at The, Hague— known locally as Den Haag — and. at various other towns. We embarked at Rotterdam on a Danish vessel bound for Singa pore, and the train journey to the port carried us through countryside . gay with, red, yellow and white tulips; which the Dutch carefully rear for ex port. ' . V , ' - Rotterdam, by comparison with Am sterdam, Is wartorn and dreary. We stayed at the Hotel Central, near the railway station. It Is one of the few buildings left standing in the area. But even the Hotel Central lost a wing In the "blitz." Dutch Industry has cleared Rotterdam's debris, but there are miles of grassy plots, where tall buildings once stood. Rotterdam was badly bombed, but the waterfront has been repaired and new warehouses and other large build ings, erected. A few skyscrapers, built before the war, escaped direct hits. They are strikingly modern. But the Inhabitants are weary. Accommoda tion is naturally a problem, Dutch food rations uninteresting and "white" bread a dull brown. But for all their weariness, solid Dutchmen have not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruins a new city is ris ing, built by grim determination. We saw flags of Holland, Belgium and Luxembourg flying alongside each other from many buildings on Libera tion day. There were numerous Bel gian tourists visiting Rotterdam, but. in contrast to lush Belgium,' Holland resembles Mother Hubbard's cup board. Shipping activity at Rotterdam. The Dam Palace in Amsterdam. Central railway station at Amsterdam. 