The JOTTINGS of A Lady about Town IN T E R E S T I N G nuptial linkings yes- terday and tomor- row, as lovely brides wearing the June Look take spotlight. Joan Caswell, of New Farm, who recently donned Red Cross uniform, kept appointment with Norton Davis at St. Stephen's Cathedral, yesterday afternoon. In all-white wedding, Joan and three attendants were gowned in moss crepe, bride's featuring Iong train. Three attractive 'maids were Barbara Stevens, Charmain Broadfoot, and Eunice Scott. Honeymooners are at South Coast, will return to flat at New Farm. . . An old-world style, all-over lace gown with matching veil, has been chosen by Joyce Murphy for mar- riage with Len Potter, to-morrow, also at St. Stephen's. Bride's sister, Peg, and Eileen O'Hara will attend Joyce, in pale blue embossed velvet. One hundred guests will be enter- tained at reception afterwards at Lennon's, honeymoon will be spent at Surfer's. Muriel Malouf. of West End, whose engagement to Edward Toohey was announced last night, at party, at her home. Joyce has been feted at round of pre- wedding parties, including one last Thurs- day and one yesterday, hostessed by Mrs. G. C. Ed- wards and Eileen O'Hara, respectively. * * * NEWLYWEDS Mr. and Mrs. Eric Bryce back from South Coast honeymoon; northward bound this week for home at the Winton district. Plan to have a few days in Brisbane to say farewells. * * * JESSIE LANDSBERG, of Trafalgar, Charters Towers, who came to town for the degree presentations and stayed on for a vacation, has gone north; will visit friends in Ayr before she finally returns home. * * * MRS. E. ROBINSON, of West End, will be among the Brisbane folk sailing on Marine Phoenix next Friday. Mrs. R. is off to the States to visit daughter Joan (Mrs. F. E. Palmer) in San Antonio, Texas. * * * MOLLY McALLISTER and Bob Biltoft wed yester- day at St. Mary's Cathedral. Bob's sister, Mrs. Pat Farrelly, down from Townsville for wed- ding. * * * L . J. McCAUSLANDS threw grand party last night for son John, on 21st birthday. Guests danced on. spacious veranda, attractive daughter Lola assisted mother in enter- taining. * * * HOMEWARD bound this week by air: Mrs. T. Glee- son, Townsville, who spent an extended holiday here. Has decided to winter at her northern home. HEAR Toowoomba Grammar School Old Boys' are practising school warcry for edification (and/or amuse- ment) of guests at the ball they're giving in association with Glennie Old Girls, City Hall, Thursday, July 1. Presi- dent Joan Davies will receive guests. * * * JULY 9 is wedding day of Ascot's Matt Laird and Bundaberg's Betty Saunders. Matt's family will visit Bunda- berg for wedding.. * * * CROP of coincidence bobbing up around debs, for Church of England Ball. There are two Betty Fergusons to make debuts, and family of three sisters will also bow to Society, same night. Debutantes' list now closed, bookings for alcoves open Monday, June 21. * * * BABY daugh- ter of. the James Walkers, of Hendra. christen e d 'June Helen,' at St. Colomb's, Clayfleld, last Sunday. SIR JOHN LAVARACK will open exhi- bition of paint- ings, arranged by Playground and Recreation Association i n Finney's Art Gallery, Tues- day, June 15, 3 p.m. Feature of exhibition will be some works by late W. Lister. Mrs. Arthur Kelly, of East Brisbane, who was Dulcie Birrell before recent marriage. — Norton Trevaire Studios. LEFT: Recent study, by Romney Studios, of Mrs. A. McSweyne, of Norman Park. Mrs. McSweyne is playing hostess at moment to six immigrants from Scotland. BELOW :~ Lovely Pat Lowlher, of Wynnum, whose engagement to Morris Gunn, of Manly, has just been announced .— Dorothy Coleman Studios. Sparkling deb. at All Hallow's Ball was Margaret Byrne, of Ascot. Margaret has her A.T.C.L. — Dorothy Coleman study. NOTICED at B.B.C. Old Boys' and Somerville House Old Girls' Associations' Ball, at Cloudland, Thursday: Popularity of ballerina frocks and shoes among youth- ful dancers, Mrs. Eddie Heindorff, soignee in black, Dr. Sherwood's daughters Mar- got and Judy, Mr. and Mrs. Cyril Burcher. * * * ATTRACTIVE trio at Len- non's Wednesday: Mrs. Malcolm Carseldine, Mrs. John Booth and sister Mrs. Fred Buss. Latter is Bundaberg's Lady Mayoress. All three wore black, Mrs. Buss's cyclamen flower clusters on either side of tiny hat being striking note. * * * IN town, talking perfumery problems with Brisbane store chiefs, Melbourne's Marjorie Bishop. BABY'S great-grandmother, Mrs E C Mitchell, of Warwick, was present for christening of 'Warwick Mark,' baby son of the T. M. Uthers, of Moorooka. DRISBANE R e pertory Theatre will hold annual ball at Prince's, Wednesday. Alex. Foster's party will in- clude Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Ste- phens, Mr. and Mrs. A. Jen- mann, Mr. and Mrs. F. Nixon, Dr. Lofkovitz and Mr. N. M a v e ; and Betty Mc- Kenna, Coila McCracken Lisle Deacon, and Patricia O'Rourke ail busy arranging parties. * * THE Marine Phoenix brought back Mrs. W. Chap- Claire Eldred whose engage- ment to Newell Taylor was re- cently announced. man and three-year-old daughter, Mary, for second holiday visit since they left for States in 1943. Mrs. Chapman (who was Brisbane's Mary James) has seen all 48 States, loves her adopted country. Her home is in New York City. Mary remarks that clothes here are ever so much more expen- sive than in the States. . . . After spending three years in Cleveland (Ohio), Mr. and Mrs. E. Jones and two-year-old son have arrived back here to settle. Mrs. Jones is well remembered in Rockhampton as Donna Smith .... And Maureen Young (nee Maureen Pierce, of Hendra) was welcomed back to Australia by her parents, who met boat in Sydney. * * Desley Hart, past pupil of Stuartholme, made her debut at recent Mater Ball. A BALL, to mark open- ing of 'Fiesta,' colorful new resort on the Southport- road was held last night, in aid of the Centaur Appeal. There's quite a Holly- wood touch about the pool and outdoor cafeteria. Mexi- can murals adorn walls of ballroom. * * PRE - WED- DING party at Prince's, yesterday, hostessed by Mrs. W. Oshyer, in honor of daughter, Betty, who weds Albert Bruce, June 26. MR. and MRS. F. BRUSS- ASCO, Annerley, threw party at Portland Lounge t'other night for son Ernest's 21st birthday. Ian is doing medicine at Varsity. * * ENGAGE- MENT an- nounced: Mel .a Green. Mitchel- ton, to Keither Anderson, Wil- ston. * * * MRS. BARRY WATTS (formerly Jean Moore, of Brisbane) left for home in England, last week, after only fortnight here. She's making return journey by Danish cargo ship * * * MRS. COLIN SMITH threw farewell surprise party for sister, Beryl Brainwood, before latter flew to New Guinea for marriage, last Wednesday, to Edward Biddle. Newly-weds will make Moresby their per- manent home. * * * MRS. T. R. GROOM holi- daying at Lismore 'sweek. * * * MRS. L. E. ANDERSON, wife of Major Anderson (who's at present in Tokio) was farewelled by family and friends at Eagle Farm, yesterday, when she left for Sydney to join Pan-American Clipper for San Francisco. Major will join her at Honolulu. Future home of couple will be in Washing- ion, D.C. Before marriage Mrs. A. was New Farm's Ronnie Kelly. * * * MRS. GORDON RIDGWAY, attractive in town this week, in green and tan, carry- ing handsome natural leather bag of own making with fasci- nating Egyptian design worked thereon. MRS. REDMOND BYRNE entertained supervisors of Len- non's at '29 Murray- street,' mid- week. 'Twas champagne luncheon, with table beautifully adorned in trails of pink roses. * * * SHEILA PHELAN Skymastered to Canberra, to take up position Mon- day. MRS. GENE DRESHER will be feted at luncheon party by mother, Mrs. Ashton Murphy, before she leaves for Ohio (U.S.) with husband, after short holiday out here. Recently en- gaged is Alexia ('Lex') Rob- erts, of Ashgrove. Fiance is James Lewis Badcock, of Northgate.— Ranald Simmonds photo. KEIRAN BYRNE, who's down from New Guinea for month, was Pat Zalaweski's escort, Wednesday night, dining at 'Prince's. 