CABLE NEWS IN BRIEF Revolutionary Rubber Claim Australian Associated' Press And Our Special Representative NEW YORK, Feb. 12. A revolutionary synthetic rubber called ultipara, claimed to be cheaper and better than natural rubber, will go into large-scale production on February 20. The Copol myer Corporation has an nounced that tyres made from the synthetic without the addi tion of any natural rubber, are expected to be available in one or two months. Present syn thetics require approximately 40 p.c. of natural rubber. It is stated by the manufacturers that ultipara may be made with either petroleum or grain as the base. One World Award Professor Albert Einstein has been named as the winner of ithe Wendell Willkie One Worlc 'Award for 1948, because, "Hf jgave the world more than a new Iconception of the cosmos in an age in which the ivory tower was accepted as the intellectual home for scientists. He recog nised that scientists, like every man, are involved in mankind, and cannot avoid taking a stand on the great moral issues of the time." The award committee was referring to Einstein's fre auently expressed hatred of militarism, dictatorship and vio lence. Car Building In Argentina The Italian engineer and motor racing driver Ernesto Maserati has submitted to Pre sident Peron a plan for manu facturing motor vehicles in the Argentine, says a message from Buenos Aires. Under the plan the industry would be subsi dised by the State and start with an annual output of 10,000 vehicles. Soviet Arrests Of Officials In separate Notes to Russia and Hungary, the ITS protested today against the Russian ar rest in Hungary of two military attaches of the American Em bassy, Belgrade. The Note to Russia described the incident as an "arbitrary, unjustified exer cise of police powers," and un warranted interference with diplomatic officials in deroga tion of Hungarian, sovereignty. The Note to Hungary demanded Hungary's views on the arbi trary use of Soviet police powers. Danish Immigrants Twelve Danes, comprising four men, four women and four children, left San Francisco by plane tonight for Australia to join other members of their family in Perth, where they will establish a small family factory to manufacture water pumps, threshers and general agricul tural machinery. Ten other Danes will follow as soon as they can get transportation. | Search For Airman Son LONDON, Feb. 11.—The Aus tralian Government has sent a letter to the Norwegian Govern ment ttianirfng the people of Orstavik, near Alesund, for help to Mr. and Mrs. F. C. Sides, of Canberra, in 1947, in a search for their son, who was shot down in 1944. Mr. and Mrs. Sides spent three months in Norway and had their son's Beaufighter raised from a fiord bed without finding trace of him. Towns people erected a memorial of stone on the edge of the fiord. Mr. Casey's Illness After a slight operation to day, Mr. R. G. Casey was "com fortable," but he may be a week or even a fortnight in hospital. His plans to leave for Australia on February 24 have been can celled. By prolonging his stay! for a fortnight he hopes to ful fil all engagements. Optimistic Men Men were more hopeful than> women when asked in a Gallup'' poll interview whether on the' whole they thought Britain's, situation was improving. Thirty-1 one p.c. of voters answered affirmatively, and 34 p.c.said that the situation was worsen-1 ing. Thirty-two p.c. replied "about the same." Three cen tum bad no opinion. Women} were slightly more pessimistic,; and there was more pessimism! among the well-to-dos than.: poorer people. j Gas Nationalisation In the House of Commons to-;! day an Opposition amendment;: to reject the Bill for thej nationalisation of the gas indus try was defeated by 354 votes to 179, says Reuter. The Bill was read a second time. African Demonstrators Killed African police opened fire yes terday, killing 11 and wounding 20 natives, when 1,000 religious demonstrators in Kavirondo Gulf District refused to disperse peacefully and attacked the Bri tish Assistant Police Superin tendent with clubs, reports Reuters Nairobi correspondent. Heavy Guerilla Losses Fighter planes have bombed and gunned the Greek guerillas, who, after shelling Salonika on Monday, retreated into the mountains. Heavy losses were inflicted, according to a Greek Army communique quoted by Reuter. Spinsters In Arms About 400 spinsters from all over Britain demonstrated at the House of Commons last night appealing for an optional State pension for unmarried women at 55. Earlier, the 55 -year-old founder of the National Spinsters' Pensions Association, Miss Florence White, read a let ter from the Prime Minister's secretary saying that the depu tation could not contribute to the Government's understand standing of their case. When the Speaker <Col. Clifton Brown) passed through the cen tral lobby a hundred women booed him. German Migrant Proposal The recruitment of a. quota of migrants from German war pri soners still in Britain will be proposed to the Commonwealth immigration authorities by an Australian State official who contends that many are thoroughly de-Nazified and have adopted the British way of life, and, with their homes de stroyed, are no longer anxious to go to Germany. Australia House I officials state that while there are British willing to migrate, German claims could not be con sidered. Ex-Servicemen Migrants SINGAPORE, Feb. 12.—Two hundred and eighty-seven Bri tish servicemen elected during 1947 to take their discharge at Singapore and "substitute pas sage" to Australia instead of re patriation to the UK. About 100 others who took their dis charge intending to settle in Malaya later, decided to go to Australia. Since the end of the war over 5,000 British service men in Malaya had elected to take their discharge overseas, and the majority had gone to Australia, 