THE FURY of the NORTHMEN For 'about .350 years the Saxons who. had .swamped Roman civilisation in \- ' Britain toiled with 'their eight-ox pbughs at the acre-stripS''in the.valfee''' Most of them forgot al'l about the sea and the warships in which their an cestors had crossed it long before. . Then once aqain "land hunneV< filled the Nprth .Sea with ships., ; ''> . This time the ships be longed to a people whom the Anglo-Saxons sometimes called Danes and sometimes Northmen. "From the fury of the Northmen, good Lord, deliver us," was a sentence added to the litany jn the Christian churches of the time. These Northmen were, one hlsto- .?/! 'ei's us, "che wild progeny of wild lands." They came from regions , e Jutland, where there, were "great Wretches of heaths, marshes and "rests reaching down to the sea," or m Norway , where the forests were thicker and more extensive. . The Northmen grew their pitiful little crops of rye and oats on patches cleared ground In these, forests, usuahy near the sea, so that they "uid fall back on fish for food when cr"ps failed them! Everywhere the wa penetrated far Inland, so that mp building became one of the chief uades of the Northmen. This an of shin building among northern peoples enabled the ogles, Jutes and Saxons to invade , ,m®n Britain . We know what the vh'Uhi' were like from one linn l1ecn preserved for over Thit S1'8, 111 a Danish peat moor. thPViW,am Bat" was on view In 3.-h Museum -till 1930.. It la re- that this museum was de- stroyed during; the recent war, but luckily the' Nydam boat, was saved.' Faster Than Roman: Galleys The Nydam boat . was . 77 feet long and less than 11 feet wide.. This means that it was a very fast vessel for those times. It could easily have' got away from the; clumsy - Roman galleys. When driven by its 28 oars It must have been a sight : to. strike terror Into the hearts of the Roman Britons. Thousands of vessels like this Nydam boat' must have crossed the North Sea or the English Channel in the years following the departure of the Romans from Britain. Each 'boat could carry 40' people; although wave? must often have broken over the sides and soaked everyone aboard. Once settled In Britain these Saxon Immigrants went to work at the clear ing of the forests and the ploughing of their new farms. For most of them, .there was no need to go on building ships and fishing for a liv ing. There were plenty of rich farm lands far Inland. But back in their former homelands the art of ship building went on. Each generation improved Its ships till at . last vessels were being.' built which no longer stripped the North Sea waves. But the little miserable patches of crop lands still remained In those cold northern regions, and many younger sons grew discontented with the struggle to grow their food on them. Largo Farm Houses Historians have found some of the stone foundations of houses built in western Norway at this time, and from them we can see how crowded the little farms were' becoming. The houses we.re like huge barns, evidently built to shelter larger families than the little farm lands could support. Towards the "-year 800 -a few bands of these younger sons ventured out to sea In their long, fast ships, now greatly improved from the old Nydam boat of 400 years earlier. These first bands of Northmen visited lands like Britain and Ireland, with rich monas teries lying unprotected. The Northmen; plundered'-) these monasteries and - took home- rich booty. This set other bands.; off, so that whereas the; first Northmen went overseas because of '.'land hunger,"- the .'later, ones-, went for plunder. By about the year 850 the North Sea was alive with the ships of the Northmen. In the year 845 . one great band Went plundering up the River Seine in France. As they went, bands of warriors from the ships roamed In land from the river. "'They carried off men and women; they killed; they sacked the monasteries; they burned the churches: they. drove off cattle." They even cut beams from a church to repair one of their ships. Another band with 150 ships rowed around, to Spain, where they passed up one river after another, plunder ing all the way. For over 200 years this "fury of the Northmen" continued. Only after the Norman conquest of England In 1066 did it draw to a close. 