AMSTERDAM STILL MARKED BY WAR-TIME OCCUPATION First impressions of the capital of Holland— Amsterdam— are very favourable. There are canals, broad avenues and modern shops. We entered the city in a bus which had been awaiting us at an airport, which is being considerably enlarged. Few steel hangars rice from cleared debris Dutch militnry police, in British- style battle dress, are in control. They attend to formalities non. i:\lly under taken by immigration officials, os wartime' precautions are still ng ialy enforced. Amsterdam war, festive. We ar rived while a Western Union Con ference was meeting at The Hague and the Dutch were also com memorating Lberation Day. War passed Amsterdam without doing much material damage. Seventeenth century houses :n old sections of the city .still flank cob bled streets along the Keizergracnt and Heerengracht canals. Streets are so narrow here that only one person can pass along them com fortably at a time. Picturesque houses* painted black and brown, with white window -vames and curiouslv shaped gabies, topped with a 'crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. HOUSES FOR FUEL Our attention was directed to several gaps among these quaint 17th century buiMings. It was ex plained that during the hard win ter of 1945, wlvn part of Holland had already been liberated by the Allies, Amsterdam suffered many hardships with the Germans still in control. Coal was unobtainable, and Amsterdam's inhabitants de molished many old houses, utilis ing the timber for fuel. . All over the city there are plain wooden croses covered v/ith fresh flowers, and at night fires burn constantly at their base. The crosses marked the spot w^.erc Dutch resistance workers nad been shot during occupation As it was Liberation Day, and Amsterdam was honouring its dead, silent crowds moved from one cross to another some of the citizens carrying bunches of tulips aaid hyacinths. x. . Elsewhere in tin* city, the in habitants were celebrating. Streets were garlanded with flags and orange-coloured bunting. Bright lanterns illuminated the canals by night, and each square swarmed with vendors selling ice cream, hot potato chips and multi-coloured balloons. Roadside cafes were crowded, and young people in gay Friesland and Zeeland costumes sang old ballads and executed folk dances on the pavements to the accompaniment of violins and ac cordions. HOUSE WITHOUT A DOOR We were instructed that if ever we got lost in Amsterdam we should board the first tram and ask for 'The Dam,' because all trams seem to pass there. The Dam is a large, cobbled square, where the Royal Palace and New Church are situated. The Dam Palace was rebuilt in 1808 for Louis Bonaparte, during Napole on's occupation of the Low Countries. The palace is known as the house without a door. Its architect seems to have concen trated all his imagination on lofty windows, neglecting to des.gn an imposing entrance a.s '.vi'll. It is customary for Dutch sov ereigns to remain here for a week each June as the city's guests. All religious ceremonies associated with Dutch coronations take plac at New Church. The edifice with its imposing lines and stained glrss windows, was first completed in 1410, but has been rebuilt twice since. Amsterdam stands on marsh lands, and includes 90 islands, with over 300 bridges spanning its many canals. Its founders sank long piles into the soil, some almost 80ft, deep, to build the city. The Dam Palace rests on 13,659 piles, anil Erasmus once mockingly called Amsterdam's inhabitants ?*rooks living in tree tops.' In the 13th century, Amsterdam was known as the Dam on the Amstil Stream— henco. its name— and in the middle 14th century, William IV., Count of Holland, first granted it civic rights. Dunns the 17th century, as seat of the wealthy United East India Com pany ard as a refuge for the persecuted, Amsterdam grew m i importance I FIXE PAINTINGS Amsterdam. is noted for its line Dutch masters, and many are housed in the Rijks, or State, ; museum. Rembrandt's exquisite i Night Watch, which aroused bitter criticism during the artist's life time has been recently cleaned by art experts. Works by Frans Hals, Van der Heist and a galaxy oi other Dutch masters, are at the Rijks-museum, which is an at tractive, twin-towered red brick building. j Rotterdam is connected to Ams terdam by swift streamlined trains which stop at The Hague— known locally as Den Haag— and at vari ous other towns. We embarked at ; Rotterdam on a Danish vessel i bound for Singapore, and the j train journey to the port carried | us through countryside gay with ; red, yellow and white tulips, which the Dutch carefully rear for ex- \ port. WAR BATTERED Rotterdam, by comparison with \ Amsterdam, is war torn and dreary. We stayed at the Hotel Central near the railway station. It is one of the few buildings left 'standing in the area. But even the Hotel Central lost a wing in the 'blitz.' Dutch industry has cleared Rotterdam's debris, but there nr' miles of grassy plots, where tall buildings once stood. Rotterdam was badly bombed, but the waterfront has been re paired and new warehouses and other large buildings erected. A few skyscrapers, built before, the war. escaped direct hits. They are strikingly modern. But the inhab itants are weary. Accommodation is naturally a problem, Dutch food rations uninteresting and 'white' bread a dull brown. But for all their weanness, solid Dutchmen have not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruins a new city is rising, built by grim determination. We saw flags of Holland, Bel gium and Luxembourg flying alongside each other from many buildings on Liberation Day. There were numerous Belgian tourists visiting Rotterdam but in con trast to lush Belgium, Holland re sembles Mother Hubbard's cup board. 