International Day at Rim C.W.A. Branches International day was cele brated by River CWA branches on November 12. The country honoured was Denmark. At Renmark Miss E. Zimmern ex-chairman of the Associated Country "Women of the World spoke to a representative gath ering from the Upper Murray Group. Mrs. E. C.' Wilson, in the absence of Mrs. Hetley Waters (president), welcomed' Miss Zimmern, Miss Blimman, State treasurer, members from Barmera, Berri, Cadell. Lyrup, Monash," Millicent and Pinnaroo branches, also Matron Lenton and Mrs. Oks and Miss Smits, two Baltic immigrants at. pre sent at the Renmark Hospital. Miss. Zimmern was presented with a box of dried fruits and Miss Blimman and the Baltic visitors with posies. Miss Zimmern gave an ad dress which was of interest to all C.W.A. women, Firstly she thanked members of branch es for food parcels sent to Eng land. She said that, though the people were not starving the food was monotonous. Par cels and especially letters were a wonderful help. The Associated Country Wo men of the world she said, was a vast organization, covering j 90 affiliated bodies in 25 coun tries!. All women members, totalling between 5 and 6 mil lion, were working together for a general Improvement in living, and _ for a better under standing between the nations. There had been disruptions during the war, said Miss Zim mern, but most/ organizations were back in working order: i .Mrs. J. H- M. Price moved a vote of thanks to Miss Zim mern. Folk dances, with national costume and choir items, in cluding the National Anthem of Denmark and Folk Songs were a feature of the day's entertain ment. The proceeds of the trading table were given to the Renmark Women's Hospital Auxiliary. Danish flags in miniature were given to all members and after noon tea was served "by mem bers dressed in Danish costume. Hostesses for the day. were the committee and 12 helpers. Af ternoon tea arrangements were attended to by Mesdames Mc Carthy, Basson and Jungfer. Barmera Celebrates Over 60 members were present at the November meeting of the Barmera CWA when Ren mark was honoured in Interna tional- Day. ^ After welcoming member, new and old, and vis itors, .the president declared the meeting open, and the National Anthem was sung and the Creed recited. f After the singing . of Den mark's National Song, the Bar mera CWA ballet presented a Danish folk dance in costume Mrs. Jenkins read a comprehen sive paper on Denmark which was warmly received . A Dan ish Folk song with miming was loudly applauded and the folk dance encored. 