FROM OUR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOUSE (No. 60.) L A OM- D0UBTS AS TIMB RUN S | Cabinet's final meeting before the Easter holidays noted that the sands of time were moving fast towards the elections, the prices and rents referendum, and the necessity to make new, perhaps, unpopular, decisions about internal security and external < defence. All Ministers studied al statement of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to making a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1949. More than an hour was spent discussing the International Wlheat Agreement, its effect upon the Pollard Stabilisation Scheme and on wheat electorates—so often the-difference between power and defeat. Apart from decisions about the next Parliamentary recess period, : there was no formal Ca'binet discussion, but the Prime Minister, Mr J. B. Chifley, smoked several pipes urith the Federal Secretary of the Labour Party, Mr. Pat Kennelly (Victorian ; M.L.C.) and other Labour Party! organisers on the prospects of the May 29 referendum. There are grave doubte among Mmisters as to th ? result of this referendum, since the latest public opinion poll showed a falling away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian referenda become party issues and the result of May 29 willbe interpreted by both sides as shadows or sunshine over their 1949 horoscopes, The Liberals are planning an intense campaign, and it seems certain that Opposition Leader, Bob Menzies will be on tour, arguing against any fur-1 ther powers while the present Government remains, before Parliament ] adjourns in May. As in the 1946 elections, Ben Chifley will make a shorter tour over a briefer period, Fact that Communists are agitating so heartily for more rigid price control, trying to steal the housewives thunder, does not cheer Labour Ministers either. Those Ministers who agreed with the liberal decision to ban the Communist Party said this week, "But we can't do it now the Liberals have the initiative." ENERGETIC ARTHUR.— Irrepressible Immigration Minister Arthur Calwell, broke another longestablished precedent this week. Having recently caused eyebrows to rise by making direct contact with British Cabinet Ministers, without the intervention of the Australia House red tape entanglements, this energetic Minister issued a statement in his own name after a Cabinet meeting. Such announcements usually come from the Prime Minister, but the energetic Arthur had his statement about an extension of immigration ready before Cabinet made its decision. He was so confident of its adoption that simultaneous releases were ready in European capitals! Calwell quickly won the support of Works Minister, Nelson Lemmon, and Defence Minister, John Dedman (who immediately followed Arthur's precedent by issuing a defence statement in his own name). They agreed with his argument that national works involving joint ^British Commonwealth strength, such as the rocket range project, shipbuilding, hydro-electric development for defence industries, were impossible without immigrant labour. It was felt that assisted passages to Europeans would stimulate British understanding of Australia's sense of urgency in this matter. Nelson Lemmon put this viewpoint to "atomic" scientist Professor Oliphant at a Hotel Canberra reception the other day. Lemmon promises Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While awaiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on mass immigration from the British Isles to the Dominions, this new Cabinet decision means that more Danish, French and Norwegian ships will come to Australia. Shipping companies have assured Australia that the subsidy on passages for European immigrants will make it worthwhile visiting Australia for cargoes for Europe. The Government hopes this competition will also bring more British ships to Australia. Meanwhile, Australians are on their way to the continent to select immigrants from the long li6ts in the key capitals. MINISTERIAL EASTER EGG.- • Three | Ministers will spend their I £ aster holidays with a pungent I Easter trying to discover how ! to glve the Australian Broadcasting i Commission more revenue without i , llf t in g the listeners' licence fee; without allowi n S advertising on the nat,onal stat l <> ns ; without making natlonal ° r °adcasting a burden on Consolldated Revenue. This year's subsidy the A.B.C.—apart from licence fees—totals £1 324,000. Postmaster.-General, Senator Don Camero n > former P-MLG. Senator Bill Ashley (mentally pre-occupied about hold-ups) and Arthur Calwel 1 ' former chairman of the Parllaimentary "Broadcasting Committee, • have been asked by Cabinet to make recommendations from the latest re-: FF* 0 " A.B.C. administration. Un- , ta Cabinet makes a decision, A.B.C. Pfogrammes cannot be improved rfor plans for 1947/8/9 finalised. MINORITY REPORT MISSING.— ' The report from three Government officers, including former newspaper editor and cenSor E. G. Borniey, is' marked "secret." What intrigues; observers, however, is the disappear-! ance 0f the devastating criticism of E. G. Bonney in a minority report written some weeks ago. How a, • compromise was reachea to make a| (unanimous "white-washing" report j on the eve of Bonney's voyage to j America to take charge of the New York Information Bureau may be revealed when the three Ministers make their recommendations. Pertiaps Arthur CalweU has his officer's report ; up hfe si ee ve ' RUMOURS ABOUT WHEAT.— j Finality on the International Wheat! Agreement now awaits arrival of the j complete document with full details.! Meanwhile, the strongest rumours persist that with this agreement, thei Federal Government's use of export clauses in the Constitution is streng-i thened and the internal stabilisation j plan and acquisition no longer wor- j j ries Commerce Minister Reg Pollard! I 