Late Global News LONDON. Thursdav. After - twenty years as a . member of the Communist .Party and News Editor of the ' Communist 'Da;ly Worker,' ; Douglas A. Hyde,-' announced he has resigned his position and . party membership , 'be- cause of my 'growing 'disil- , lusionment.' ; Reuter . says \- Hyde, ; is receiving instruc . tions .with a';-view to joining the Roman, (..Catholic Church-. ? ? -mv- .Washington, Thursday. Th'p £«cretary for Defence 'Fop^tal);^|nx|^ caleu to the Senate Armed ' . Services Committee today that the forces wanted to add over 350,000 to their strength, and the draft was the only way to get them. Later he told the committee he helieved the! Army would ask for a strength of 900,000, compared with that present authorised of 670,000. Senator Wayne Morse (Repub lican^ Oregon) told Mr. For restal that Congress would not pass draft or universal- mili tary training legislation 'un- til the srass rnnts HpmnnH if' Both Mr. Forrestal and the. Army Secretary (General Kenneth Royall). estimated that three million men, aged ; between 1 19) and 25, would be .-liable to be drafted. Mr. For restal warned that if Soviet forces decide to move into Germany or other parts of Europe, American forces there could not stop them. LONDON, Thursday. After a five-hour secret con ference, Swedish, Norwegian, and Danish Prime Ministers, at a public meeting in Stock holme, affirmed their decision to defend their countries' freedom against outside ag gression. They also denounc ed Communism and dictator ships. Declaring that recent events in Czechoslovakia had unmasked the Communists, Sweden's Premier (M. Erl aijder) said the fight against Communist was part of de fence of Sweden's freedom and independence. The Nor wegian Premier (M. Gerhard sen) said Communists in Scan dinavian countries were too \veak for a coup or revolu tion, but he warned against underrating the danger. The Danish Premier (Mr. Heftoft) said that while forces were working in Western Europe for stability, Communists were using all their powers, to hamper peaceful development. Simultaneously, it was an nounced in Brussels that a t-i.uuy or tne group set up by the sixteen Marshall Plan Powers had' agreed to estab lish a Permanent Economic Commission for the European Customs Union. NEW YORK, Thursday. Ur. Irene Joliot Ourie, the French scientist, and daugh ter of Marie and Pierre Curie, discoverers of; radium, was detained by immigration au thorities when she arrived from Paris by kair last night. 