FROM OUR COLUMNIST IN PARUAMENT HOUSE (No. 60.) LABOUR DOUBTS AS TIME RUNS OUT.— Cabinet's final meeting before the Easter holidays noted that the sands of tiyne were moving fast towards the elections, the prices and rents referendum, and the necessity to make new, perhaps, unpopular, decisions about internal security and external defence. All Ministers studied a stateyyyent of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to making a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1949. More than an hour was spent discussing the Interyyational Wlheat Agreement, its effect upon the Pollard Stabilisation Scheme and on wheat electorates—so often the difference between power and defeat. Apart from decisions about the next Parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet discussion, but the Prime Minister, Mr J. B. Chifley, smoked several pipes with the Federal Secretary of the Labour Party, Sir. Pat Kennelly (Victorian M.L.C.) and other Labour Party organisers on the prospects of the May 29 referendum. There are grave doubts among Ministers as to the insult of this referendum, synce the latest pubhc opinion poll showed a falling away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian' referenda become party issues and the result of May 29 will be interpreted by both sides as shadows or sunshine over their 1949 horoscopes. The Liberals are planning an intense, campaign, and it seemg pertain that Opposition Leader, Bob Menzies will be on tour, arguing against any further powers while the present Govevnment remains, before Parliament adjourns in May. As in the 1946, elections, Ben Chifley will make a shorter tour over a briefer period, Fact that Communists are agitating so heartily for more rigid price control, trying to steal the housewives thunder, does not cheer Labour i Ministers either. Those Ministers who agreed with the Liberal decision; to ban the Communist Party said thtsj week, "But we can't do it now the' Liberals have the initiative." ENERGETIC ARTHUR.— Irrepressible Immigration Minister Arthur Calwell, broke another longestablj^hed precedent this week. Having recently caused eyebrows to rise by making direct contact with British Cabinet Ministers, without the intervention of the Australia House red tape entanglements, this energetic Minister issued a statement in his own name after a Cabinet meeting. Such announcements usually come from the Prime Minister, but the eliergetic Arthur had his statement about an extension of immigration ready before Cabinet made its aecision. He was so confident of its adoption that simultaneous releases were ready in European capitals! Calwell quickly won the support of Works Minister, Nelson Lemraon, and Defence Minister, John Dedman (who immediately followed Arthur's precedent by issuing a defence statement in his own name). They agreed with his argument that national works involving joint British Commonwealth strength, such as the rocket range project, shipbuilding, hydro-eleetric development for defence industries, were impossible without immigrant labour. It was felt that assisted passages to Europeans would stimulate British understanding of. Australia's sense of urgency in this matter. Nelson Lemmon put this viewpoint to "atomic" scientist Professor Oliphant at a Hotel Canberra reception the other day. Lemiyion promises Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While awaiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on mass immigration from the British Isles to the Dominions, this new Cabinet decision means that more. Danish, French and Norwegian ships will come to Australia. Shipping companies have assured Australia that the subsidy on passages for European immigrants will make it worthwhile visiting Australia for cargoes for Europe. The Government hopes this competition will also bring more British ships to Australia. Meanwhile, Australians are on their way to the continent to select immigrants from the long lists in the key capitals. MINISTERIAL EASTER EGG.— Thy •ee Ministers will spend their Easter holidays with a pungent Easter egg trying Jo discover how to give the Australian Broadcasting Cominission more revenue without lifting the listeners' licence fee; without allowing advertising on the national stations; without making national broadcasting a burden on Consolidated ... Revenue. This year's subsidy A . , the £rom + liter&e; ^-totals £1,324,000. Postmaster-General, Senator Don 9 a !", eion ; fo ™e, r ' S^01- ^s. Bil1 hle . y (mentally pre- occupyed about sh l PP' n 6' hold-ups) and Arthur Calwel 1 form ' e J- chairman of the Pari famentary Broadcasting Committee,; have been asked by Cabinet to make! ^commendations from the latest re-; A J B - C \ admln J st y a . tlon -, Un-; tjl C a *> inet ™ akes a , decisyon, A.B.C.; Programmes cannot be inyproved nor pIans for 1947/8/9 finahse d - MINORITY REPORT MISSING.— • The report from thl. ee Government! officers, inclining former newspaper i editor arid censor E. G. Bonney, is' marked "secret." Wlhat intrigues 1 observers, however, is the disappear-1 ance 0f the devastating criticism of' e. G. Bonney in a minority report written some weeks ago. How a ; compromise was reaches to make a I unanimous "white-washing" report! on the eve 0f Bouney's voyage to' j America to take charge of the Newd y 0 rk Information Bureau may be re-! vealed when the three Ministers make! thej r recommendations. Perhaps I Arthur Cahvell has his officer's report! up jjj s s i eeve 'nm ,„ RUMOURS ABOUT WHEAT— ; j Finality on the International Wheat! i Agreement now awaits arrival of the j • complete document with full details.! i Meanwhile, the strongest rumours 1 i persist that with this agreement, the Federal Government's use of export [ clauses in the Constitution is st;-engthened and the internal stabilisation plan and acquisition no longer worlies Comiyierce Minister Reg Pollard! 