ENTERTAINED BY C.W.A. A large gathering of C.W.A. mem bers and friends entertained Mr. and Mrs. Hergel at afternoon tea. The guests arrived escorted by Dr. and Mrs. Vout and Mr. and Mrs. R. H. RpHHIa nuri nmAMrilniTe nnanar) with God Save the King and the Danish National Anthem. Mrs. Beddle to introducing toe guests said: "We are honored indeed to be invited to entertain Mr. and Mrs. Hergel and hope their few days: stay' In this beautiful countryside of Forbes and district will be very happy. I also wish to congratulate Dr. Vout on toe formation of the Rotary Club in Forbes' It aims are on similar lines to those of the O.WA. and its splen did motto to 'Service before Self." Introduced by Mrs. Beddle, Mrs. Hergel said in Denmark the women did not make speeches and she asked toat hers be excused as it was her first. Herself an Englishwoman she said she had lived for 28 years in Denmark, which was the sweetest little country In the world. It was a green country, every inch of which Is cultivated. Beech trees flourished and the country side was covered with little anemones. The Danes possessed a high sense of duty and every farmer, great or small, wanted his products to be toe very best. Health was an Important factor In any community and special emphasis was laid upon It in Denmark which had toe lowest child mortality figures in the world. Every expectant mother was given one pint of milk dally, and after the arrival of toe baby this quan tity was Increased to one quart. Re gular visits were paid by the doctor thereafter, and each child was expect ed to report to his doctor three times a year up till his 17th birthday. School doctors and dentists take over ' all through the school years. LITTLE SOCIAL DIFFERENCE Mrs. Hergel said there was very little social distinction in Denmark. Her own daughter attended school with two princes and each received, the same education, there being no special tuition for the rich and another for the poor. Denmark possessed no natural wealth and toe intensive farming of the land meant that heavy dressings of fertilisers were necessary to main- tato'itfta productivity. The home of the Danish woman was her chief concern and she took no part in activities outside her own par ticular sphere. Mrs. Beddle thanked Mrs. Hergel for her address and said it had given her audience a greater understanding of Denmark. She would like to see Den mark chosen for C.W.A. International Day next year. In support, Mrs. E. J. Murphy said she would like to sec more Danish im migrants coming into Australia, as Mr. Tom Hansen, of Forbes, had proved himself a good citizen. Other references were made by Mrs. G., Young and Mrs. D. Evans. 