STANBRIDGE RESIDENTS' EXPERIENCES ABROAD POSSIBILITIES OF TRADE WITH j SCANDANAVIAN COUNTRIES V MR. A. M. Poulsen, of Stanbridge; who returned home last week after an extended vjsit to his native land of Denmark and other overseas countries, gave a most interesting narra tive of . his travels and varied experiences when interviewed at his Stanbridge farm by a representative of the 'Irrigator' . on Friday, and he also dwelt upon the possibilities of trade with Scandanavian countries which would provide ready markets for our canned fruits and juices as well as wheat \- and wool. In return Australia could purchase their canned fish for which there is a big demand. THE TOMBS OF THE PHAROAHS Mr. Poulsen said that accompanied by his wife he left Sydney on the mo tor ship Lalandia, one of the East Asia line of steamers and were ten weeks, on the voyage to Boulogne, the long trip being due to engine break downs. On arrival at Boulogne there were further delays as there was trouble over the unloading of wool. The men would not handle it, and the ship lay idle in port for a week. At the same time they heard of a big strike in Antwerp. The passengers were not allowed ashore but to relieve the tedium of waiting on board ship they were taken for harbour cruises. Mr. Poulsen added that he~had omit ! ted to state that' they had had an interesting, trip through the Suez Canal prior to this, and while the ship was- laid up for 3 days at Port Said, undergoing repairs they had the op portunity of going through the city of Cairo and doing the pyramids. They had a most interesting time in specting those wonderful tombs of the ancient Egyptian Kings, the Phar oahs, which were built thousands of years ago by a race of people, which is now extinct and who belonged to a i civilisation of bygone yearaaof which i now only a few relics remain, the most striking of which are the pyra i mids and the Sphinx. A DEAD CIVILISATION Mr. Poulsen said that the pyramids must have been a much more im pressive sight in years gone by than they are to-day, for originally they had an outer coating of gleaming al abaster which the ravages of time and weather and the actions of vandals and souvenir hunters clown through the ages have now removed. There is evidence that the pyramids ana tne Sphinx at one time had this outer covering of alabaster, and some parts of the interior of the pyramids still have this alabaster face. The guide who conducted them showed places in the. interior of the pyramids still bear ing their coating of alabaster and the way it sparkled and shone in the elec tric light was reminiscent of the stal agmites and stalactites in the Yar rangobilly and Jenolan Caves. One can imagine, therefore, what a strik ing spectacle the pyramids and the Sphinx must have presented on a bright sunny day when the Pharoahs were reigning and the ancient Egyp tian civilisation was at the height of its glory. INTERESTING PHOTOGRAPHIC RECORDS Mrs. Poulsen has practically a com plete pictorial record of the travels of herself and husband on this trip, fil ling two large albums, all of the photographs being taken by herself on her own camera. One of the photo graphs shows Mrs. Poulsen and a number of other tourists mounted on camels in the desert with the pyra mids in the background. Mr. Poul sen was mounted on a grey horse. He said he was too cunning to get on a camel himself. With a chuckle he related how the Gyps in charge of the camels were great backsheesh hun ters and were always looking for tips. They were not satisfied with one tip, but wanted to be tipped all the time. When the Gyps got the tourists mounted on the camel's backs they held out the palms of jtheir hands in a manner that indicated in no un certain manner that the time had come for another tip. When the tour ists on the camels ignored the hint the gyppos tapped the camels knees with their whips and the animals commenced to slowly kneel down. The passengers then immediately accepted the hint and dived into their pockets or purses for money, whereupon the gyppos would make the camels stand upright once again. A HORRIFYING EXPERIENCE Mr. Poulsen said that during their journey through Germany by train they saw an endless succession of de pressing sights, as a result of the ter rific bombing which that country was subjected to by the allies during the war. The once proud city of Bremen was just a heap of brickbats. At other places along the line where big towns once stood there was not a building standing upright. At Hamburg they did not see so much damage as in other places, but they were told that Berlin was a wreck. Mr. Poulsen said that he had a horrible experience as the train was running into Hamburg, and one that turned him sick and made him sleepless for nights after wards. There was a sudden jolting of the train as emergency brakes were applied to the accompaniment of a grinding and screeching noise and passengers were thrown from their seats. He put his head through the window tp see what the trouble,, was and was just in time to see a tall' thin smaciated young man throw himself on to the line in front of the engine. The man disappeared under the train and a few moments later when the train came to a stop Mr. Poulsen saw the body taken from under it in three pieces. GREAT FEASTING AND CELEBRATIONS Continuing his narrative of their journeylngs Mr. Poulsen said that af ter many trials and tribulations due to unexpected difficulties cropping up on account of difficulties in exchang ing good current Australian coin of the Realm for foreign currency in the various countries through which they travelled, they arrived at last in the city of Aalburg in Denmark. It was 47 years since he had been in his na tive land of Denmark, and throughout the whole of that time he had not seen any of his brothers or sisters or other relatives. But waiting in a taxi cab there at the station were two men whom his wife instantly recognised as his brothers although she had never seen them before. The last time that Mr. Poulsen had seen those two bro thers of his they were aged 16 and 14 respectively. There was a happy re union and the travel weary tourists from Australia were borne oil in triumph to the home of one of his brothers where there was great feast ing and celebrations and they talked until 5 o'clock the next morning. Dur ing the ; night other brothers and sis ters commenced arriving and there was a real happy family re-union. A SILVER WEDDING ANNIVERSARY One of his sisters' daughters and the latter's husband were celebrating their silver wedding shortly after this and Mr. and Mrs. Poulsen were among the invited guests. There was a tre mendous party celebrated with much I feasting and rejoicing but when the guests learned that Mr. and Mrs. Poulsen were visiting their homeland after an absence in Australia of 47 years, they were lionised to such an extent by the guests that they really stole the limelight from the couple who were celebrating the silver anniv ersary of their wedding. NEVER SAW THE LIKE OF IT Mr. Poulsen said that wherever they went in Denmark they were enter tained at lavish parties by relatives and during the eleven months that they were in the country it was prac tically one long succession of parties. He said that Australians had no idea of the lavish manner in which parties were conducted in Denmark. Person ally he had never seen the like of them until this visit to his homeland. Every kind of delicacy and palate tempting food was provided at the dinner table, and there was a long succession of courses. At the com mencement of the dinner there would be a serving of Danish Schnapps, and then with each succeeding course a different variety of wine would be served, and beer would be on tap all the time. There would be music be tween each course with a specially composed song in honour of one of the guests, sung in the Danish langu age. At some of these parties spec ially composed songs in honour of Mr. and Mrs. Poulsen Were sung, and the functions were reported in Danish newspapers. Mr. Poulsen produced clippings of these reports from the Danish papers, written in the Danish language. He said that the Danish people were great readers of newspa pers and most of the readers were subscribers who had their papers de livered at their door per^ffst. Mr. Poulsen said that there were still seven of his brothers and sisters alive when he visited Denmark and there were about 80 nephews and neices, a lot of whom were grown up, and also had children of their own. All these relatives, and their friends, were constantly arranging pr.rties in honour of the visitors from Australia, and so it was one big round of festiv ities and celebrations. 'WHERE ARE THEIR TAILS' ? At this stage Mrs. Poulsen laugh ingly recalled that when they first arrived in Denmark and announced that, they were from Australia, people would look at them with a puzzled air for some moments and then remark in a mystified tone, 'but where are their tails.' Some of the womenfolk after surveying her from head to foot would remark 'why, she dresses just like ourselves.' Mrs. Poulsen said that the people of Denmark had a great taste for clothes and dressed much better than people in Australia. Mr. Poulsen remarked that when the men attended parties they were arrayed like the lilies of the field, and Solomon in all his glory had nothing on them. The men wore white vests, long tailed coats, and 'generally were a picture of sartorial splendour. In comparison with them he felt like a poor little Australian, because he could never bring himself to dress up in that elegant fashion. In Denmark Mr. Poulsen met a man named Bob Norburg who used to work for him for four or five years at Stanbridge at one time. He came to Denmark from his home town in Gottenburg, in Sweden to see him. Later he and Mrs. Poulsen returned the visit to Gqttenburg, which is only a few hours journey by steamer from Denmark. There is a terrific tourist traffic be tween those two countries, said Mr. Poulsen. Asked as to the food posi tion in Denmark and other countries that he visited while abroad, he said there was no food siiqrtage in Den mark, althoiig^ jt was rationed. You coulci get as much fqpd as you requir ed if you had the money for it. He said that no doubt there was sortie shortage qf food in European coun tries, but it was not so acute as it was made out to be. There was no poverty in Denmark, which was a small but very thickly populated country of about 3,Q0Q,00Q people, Pic tures were shown of the modern farm houses, stables, barns, etc., all ani mals being housed during the cold winter months. Markets are open on Sundays in Denmark, the scenes wit nessed there being reminiscent of Pet ticoat Lane in London. The finest herd of dairy cattle that he had ever seen In his life was a herd of black and white cattle of the Friesian type on a farm belonging to a man wh-- was married to a daughter of one of Mr. Poulsen's brothers. He used the simplex bucket type of milking ma chine, the buckets each holding four or five gallons of milk and in some cases a bucket would not be big en ough to hold all the milk that came from one cow. One could imagine the size of the udder on a cow of that description, he added. In Denmark the dairy farmers split up very much between the red Dorset dairy cow and the Friesian. It was very rarely one saw a mixed herd. It was usually the black and White,' or the red. WANT TO EMIGRATE TO AUSTRALIA Mr. Poulsen said he had stood on a small hill in Denmark and gazing around him could see as many as a hundred farms, and that gave one an idea of how, densely populated the country is, and how every available acre of land is taken up for farming. There is now no further land avail able for sub-dividing and the farm ers sons cannot go on the land. The people of Denmark are acutely ex periencing a lack of living room and migration is the only solution. Mr. Poulsen says the young Danish people are keenly anxious to migrate to Australia, but there is too much red tape in the way and the result is that Australia is not getting them. He says they would make ideal immi grants, being very industrious by na ture and fond of the land. They were people who would colonize and the majority of them went in for big families when they got married. They did not just get one child and then knock off. When Mr. Poulsen went to London, he made inquiries at Aus tralia House on behalf of a young man in Denmark who was anxious to migrate to Australia and he was amazed at all the formalities that had to be gone through. A letter had to' be written to Canberra and then a form had to come from Canberra to be filled in and sent back, guarantees had to be given regarding accommo dation in Australia and other matters and it would be about two years be fore all the formalities were complet ed and the prospective migrant would at last be ready to start on the voyage to Australia. He believes that there are great possibilities of trade with Denmark, and that a lot of our tinned fruits and jams, etc., could be disposed of in»that country. In order to do that, how ever, it would be necessary for Aus tralia to purchase some. of Denmarks commodities. r APPALLING WASTE OF FRUIT In the Scandanavian countries there were tremendous possibilities .for the disposal of our tinned fruits, Wheat, wool and other commodities; provided we could buy something from them in return. Thpy were starting big fish canneries in the Scandanavian countries and that was something that Australia could buy for there was a huge demand in Aus tralia for tinned fish. In those coun tries they also manufactured electrical machinery parts, The only way that the Danes can buy fruit is by selling fish to Spain or Italy and they get fruit in return. One could not even get a tin of jam in Denmark. In Co vent Gardens, London, he had seen Red May peaches, which just tasted like sweet water, selling at 3/6 each. At this stage Mv. Poulsen exhibited a photograph of 30 tons of peaches that had to rot on his farm at Stanbridge last year because he could not dis pose of them. It was appalling the quantity of valuable foodstuffs that went to waste in Australia and some thing should be done, he contended, to make use of that waste fruit. Sur plus oranges, for instance, should be converted into canned juice and ship ped away to the hungry people of Eu rope to provide them with the much needed vitamins. Mr. Poulsen said it is his intention to visit Canberra and have an Interview with Mr. Calwell, Minister for Information with a view to placing before him some facts in connection with the possibilities of trade with Scandanavian countries. There were also possibilities he thought of securing good migrants from those countries. One difference that he noticed between Australians and the people of other countries was that Australians were very standoff ish and slow to make friends with peoples of other nations, when they came to live amongst them. During his travels in other countries he had been struck by the manner in which strangers were welcomed and made to feel at home. 