GOVERNMENT PLANS t) INCREASE GOVERNOR-GENERAL OPENS PARLIAMENT I Measures to increase Australian production and liberal support of scientific and industrial research to assist primary and secondary industries were features of the Governor-General's speech in opening the second session of the 18th Parliament yesterday. The Governor-General (Mr. McKell) spoke with Conviction when he referred to the determination of the Australian Government to assist the United Kingdom in its-great recovery programme. The speech > reviewed Commonwealth administration during the period of the first session of the Parliament and foreshadowed a large number of bills during the new session., II The opening of the second session of the 18th Commonwealth of Parliament by the Govcmot-Gen- . Seal (Mr McKell) was a strictly Ldittonal rather than an ostend carious ceremony t i As Mr McKelly closely walk- ' a Id towards the President's chair, fee acknowledged members of the chamber with a short bow ! For a few minutes the cham- t lei echoed to a little of she chatted J until Mr McKell rose to deliver 1 his speech V i A guard of honour of Royal Military College cadets awaited d sir McKell in front of Farhall lent House, £ Just before Mr McKell, left the Senate to, inspect the guard, one off the camels who had been standing in the bitter cold wind for nearly an hour, fainted He was taken to an army car where he quickly recovered I royal visit 1 At the Commencement of his speech, reference was made by the Governor General to the visits to Australia dárly-ñexf'year of, The King and Queen and Princess of ' Ma garey I "We all look forward to ex- pending to. Then Majesties, and 1 Her Royal Highness a most car of trial and affectionate welcome and express the wish that their stay in Australia will be a very happy one,' he continued 3 Mr McKell announced that the Budget would be presented to parliament early in the session "and would provide for the necessary defence and post-war ? charges with which the country is faced and for the development 1 * of peace-time services The maintenance of economic 1 stability in Australia," he said, has always been the first con several of my Government, with emphasis on ensuring that all ava 1 able resources are employed in a says contributing most '7ft tively to raising standards of living developing productive caps city and making adequate press, soon for defence. Civil employ- ment increased by, 100,000 the last financial year, and is now 640 000 above 1939 " ,' 7 HELP To GREAT BRITAIN After referring to the recent visit of the Prime Minister (Mr Chifley) to London, Mr McKell) said that the Government had taken drastic measures to cut tall dollar expenditure by Australia and was doing everything possible to increase Australia's earnings of dollars The object of these measures is to assist the United Kingdom I In meeting the dollar shortage and to conserve the reserves 01 ! fold and dollars which it holds on behalf of the whole sterling j area ' he added "My Ministers have expressed their firm inten- ! son to give all possible, help to A we United Kingdom in her great ! recovery efforts " , , DEFENCE He said that the Government had developed its post-war de I fence programme, having regard to the most effective manner of self-defence, to co-operation in ample and regional defence, and the fulfilment of obligations under the Charter of the United Nations The rocket range project in southern Australia was Proceeding satisfactorily in col aboiation with the British. authorities A Joint Wat Produc- tion Staff was to be established of Part of the defence machinery for the co-ordination of strategic Plans for production acquire- ments, particularly from the angle of the development of Australia as a main support area in the Pacific »i!?e,clew of Australia s fast aircraft carrier HMAS Syd MV had left for Britain and the In I would arrive in Australia, in the early months of next year line the decision forestall- an a base at Manus, preliminary y steps had been taken to effect occupation FOREIGN POLICY I "My Government will continue ! to assist in establishing a just and lasting peace' declared Mr McKell "It has viewed with dis- may and misgiving the unfortunate divisions of opinion among the war-time Allies in Europe My Prime Minister visited Berlin during his recent visit overseas and consulted closely with administrators there He also had discussions with the British Prime Minister and the foreign Secretary concerning the prob term of Germany My Prime Min- ister has already indicated the Australian Government's support of the policy of the British and American authorities "In the Pacific, my Government is closely linked with Brit ment is closely linked with British and American policy and the measure of co operation obtained in many matters has been most ! gratifying Mr adviser s have not * relaxed their efforts to obtain an early peace settlement in the Pacific with Australia having full rights as a party punctual in keeping with her war-time efforts " INCREASING PRODUCTION Mr McKell said that his advisers were reviewing the scope of the National Security Act and proposed to introduce a new measure, to continue those sections regarded as essential to the national welfare "My Government has always been desirous of securing increased production in Australia and further steps are now being taken towards achieving this end," continued Mr McKell "My Government has continually stressed the importance of, coal Production to the plans for Aus- tria's expansion and development and to the maintenance of all citizens in gainful employment , BANKING APPEAL During the last session my Government passed a measure to give this Pai uamentjspntioL over banking The High Court has ruled that certain sections of that Act are invalid After examination of the Coutt's findings, my advisers have decided to seek an CIVIL AVIATION " early appeal to the Pav v Carnival i "In keeping with Australia's proud record in civil aviation in, Government has taken a leading part in the establishment of the 1 International Civil Aviation Organisation In addition the operation of services to London, and across the Pacific is being carried on with marked success The service operated within Australia by Ti ans-Australia Airlines has received widespread praise because of its efficiency and the courtesy of its personnel "It has been my Government's desire to give stability to primary industries and my advisers have had earnest discussions with the States My advisers trust that the Governments of the States will not delay unduly in providing statutory safeguards for the wheat industry EXPORT TRADE ~ "An expanded and active service is pushing sales of Australian goods, in many overseas countries Special efforts are being made to promote sales to the dollar areas The outlook for Australia's export trade in 1948 19 appears to my advisers to be very healthy of world prices for the more important items continue to be satisfactory SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH 9 "The contribution which scientific research can make to the development and prosperity of both primary and secondary in dustries in Australia is fully ap- pi elated by my advisers, and (Continued on Page 4) G O VERNOR-C ENER AL'S SPEECH (Continued from Page 1.) the work of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, will continue to be supported on a liberal scale. The Council is proposing to devote considerable attention to the problems involved in developing" the great in tralia which may well make an important contribution to the problem of solving the world-wide shortage of food. It is engaged in a thorough survey of the present potentialities and the initiation of .. research programmes to meet particular needs of selected areas in this part of the country. "My Government is co-operat- ing with the Western Australian Government in the provision of water services in the/ wheat areas; of Western Australia. A bill to cover assistance to the State will be presented to "Parliament. "Wool and textile research is another. field of the Council's work of major importance. The research programme relating to pastures and wool production has been considerably expanded as a result of the passing of the Wool Use Promotion Act and the Council's work is rapidly gain- ing momentum. T.B. CAMPAIGN "My Government has decided to launch a large scale attack on the problem of tuberculosis. Under existing Commonwealth legislation, the States are subsidised in improving diagnostic treatment and after-care facilities and in alleviating therefor omic plight of sufferers from this disease. Commonwealth land, State Ministers have now agreed upon a general ? plah/%vhich-in- volves provision by- tfie^Comon-J wealth of funds for new buildings and all additional maintenance costs. Legislation will be brought down during the session. Consideration is being given to a scheme for the abolition of fees for patients in public mental hospitals. The Commonwealth is prepared to reimburse to the States the amount of revenue represented by these fees and negotiations for an agreement with the States are now proceeding. HEALTH SERVICES "The Pharmaceutical Benefits Act came into operation on June 1 last. Provision of the benefits available under this Act is dependent upon the co-operation of the medical profession and nego: ' tiations are proceeding with the British Medical Association. "My Government has decided to set up a Division of Child Health and will establish "an Institute of Child Health at the School - of Public Health, and Tropical Medicine in association with Sydney University. "A unit of Industrial Hygiene and Medicine is to be established at the School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine. This unit will act as a training school for pci,sonsvTecommended '"to -'carry',' out investigations into industrial hazards and problems of industrial hygiene. - , "The activities of the Commonwealth Acoustic Laboratory Service have been extended by the establishment. of 'laboratories at Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth, and a further branch will soon be opened at Brisbane. The activities of these laboratories are largely confined to children of ex-service personnel with defec- tive hearing but, as staff and equipment become available, investigations will be made into the problems of noise in industries. "My Government, through the National Health and Medical Re- search Council, has sponsored an increasing amount of medical research. The grant to the Council has been increased from £30,000 to £50,000 a year and consideration will be given to a further increase. COMMONWEALTH SHIPPING LINE ' "My Government proposes to introduce legislation to set up' a permanent Authority to manage vessels owned by the Commonwealth so as to assist Australian shipping both on the coast and overseas., / The legislation will also aim at stabilising the Australian shipbuilding industry." The " Governor General fore shadowed legislation to 'amend the Australian Soldiers' Repatriation Act affecting war pensions and service pensions, and also to increase the rate of payment in respect of Social Services. A bill would be presented to Parliament to give representa- tion in the House of Represen- i tatives to citizens of the. Australian Capital Territory. t IMMIGRATION Immigration , is vital to our future and has become a very important phase of my Government's activity," continued Mr. McKell. "It is confidently anticipated that the original target of 70,000 migrants a year will be exceeded over the ensuing twelve months, and it is my Government's intention to accelerate the immigration flow by continu- ing- to press t energetically with its 'prbgraiiihres and. by taking full advantage of the expected improvement in the shipping position In this way, the acute' labour shortages in essential industry will be alleviated and the production drive stimulated." Plans provide for obtaining new Australians from three main sources, namely, people of the United Kingdom, Empire and Al- lied ex-servicemen particularly from the United States, and from among' the displaced persons in Europe. ". > It is the constant aim ofvmy>, Government to secure additional shipping for British migrants. A number of ships are being converted at Commonwealth Gov-, ern mont expense - solely for the carriage of British migrants. "The scheme for granting financial assistance towards passages Empire and the States ex-service personnel their dependants wishing ' settle in Australia has now w extended to French, Dutch, W gian, Norwegian and Danish is servicemen. Agreement been made with the Netta Emigration Foundation and, the Government of Malta gg migration of, Dutch and Mr" respectively to, Australia t BROADCASTING Wales Mr: McKell said that, mental frequency Fridays stations would be vintage Brisbane, and Perth and HW They had been set up; a s s Melbourne: and Adelaide the" Govôl'Ânidnt could study vision; the Pose Omeo,, ing tenders 'for; two station' .sAnpy'^Melbonrn^j, teriktively'for sa states u -erection in all State cr I When the offers, which g .pric%£oriroce.ve.fl had Mr,, Sewell from local and E J manufacturers, hearing hot. tion would be examined oughly- \¡",,"i stations Thirty-four national as, were now operating w r id, sion-was.-being. backs ditional stations in country ^ tricts, ' . - - 