,Post-War Holland / By E. B. First impressions of the capital of Holland — Amster dam — are very favorable. There are canals, broad avenues and modern shops. We entered the city in a bus which bad been awaiting us at the airnort. which Is being considerably enlarged. New steel hangers rise from cleared debris. Dutch military police, In British-style battle dress, are In control. They attend to formalities normally under taken by immigration officials, as war-time precautions are still rigidly enforced. Amsterdam was festive. We arrived while a Western Union conference was meeting at The Hague, and the Dutch were also commemorating Liberation day. War passed Amsterdam without doing much material damage. Seventeenth century houses In old sections of the city still flank cobbled streets along the Keizer- gracht and Heerengracht canals, Streets are so narrow here that only one person can pass along them comfortably at a time. Picturesque houses, painted black and brown, with white window frames and curiously shaped gables, topped with a crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Our attention was directed to several gaps among these quaint 17th century buildings. It was explained that during the hard winter of 1945, when part of Holland had already been libe rated by the Allies, Amsterdam suffered many hardships with the Germans still In control. Coal was 'unobtainable, and Amster dam's inhabitants demolished many old houses, utilising the timber for fuel. MANY CROSSES All over the city are plain wooden crosses covered with fresh flowers, and at pight fires burn constantly at their base. The crosses marked the spot where Dutch resistance workers had been shot during occupation. As it was Liberation day, and Amsterdam was honoring its dead, silent crowds moved from one cross to another, soipe of the citizens car rying bunches of tulips and hya cinths. Elsewhere in the city, the in habitants were celebrating. Streets were garlanded with flags and orange-colored bunting. Bright lanterns illuminated the canals by night, and each square swarmed with vendors selling ice cream, hot potato chips and mul ticolored balloons. Roadside cafes were crowded, and young people in gay Friesland and Zeeland cos tumes sang old ballads and.exer cuted folk dances on the pave- ments to the accompaniment of violins and accordeons. We were instructed that if ever ?5' , !st ln Amsterdam we should board the first, tram and ask for "The Dam," because all trams seem to pass there. The Dam is a large, cobbled square, where the Royal Pallace and New Church are situated. The Dam Palace was rebuilt in 1808 for Louis Bonaparte, during Napo- len s occupation of the Low Countries. The palace is known as the house without a door. Its architect seems to have concen- trated all his imagination on lofty windows, neglecting to design an imposing entrance as well. ROYAL GUESTS It is customary for Dutch sover eigns to remain here for a week uU,ne 03 the city's guests. All religious ceremonies associated wjth Dutch coronations take place at , New Church. The edifice, with its Imposing lines and- stained glass windows, was first com- pleted in 1410, but has been re built twice since. Amsterdam stands on marsh lands, and includes 90 Islands, with over 300 bridges spanning its many canals. Its founders sank long piles into the soil, some al- most 80 feet deep, to. build the ft.. T'e Dam Palace rests on 13,659 piles, and Erasmus once mockingly called Amsterdam's In habitants "rooks living In tree tops. In the 13th century, Amster- aam was known as the Dam on Amstll Stream — hence its name — Sinn. (® middle 14th century, William IV., Count of Holland! fi''st granted it civic rights. During the 17th century, as seat of the wealthy United East India Com- pany. and as a refuge for the per secuted, Amsterdam grew In Im portance. Amsterdam Is noted for Its fine Dutch masters, and many are housed In the Rijks, or State, museum. Rembrandt's exquisite Night Watch, which aroused bitter criticism during the artist's life time, has been recently cleaned by art experts. Works by Frans Hals, Van der Heist and a galaxy of other Dutch masters, are at the Rijks museum, which is an at- tractive twin-towered, red brick building. FAST TRAINS Rotterdam is connected to Am sterdam by swift, streamlined trains which stop at The Hague —known locally as Den Haag— and at various other towns. We embarked at Rotterdam on a Danish vessel bound for Singa- Pore, and the train journey to the port carried us through coun- tryslde gay with red, yellow and white tulips, which the Dutch carefully rear for export, Rotterdam, by comparison with Amsterdam, Is wartorn and dreary, We stayed at the Hotel Central, near the railway station. It is one of the few buildings left standing in the area. But even the Hotel Central lost a wing ln the "blitz." Dutch Industry has cleared Rotterdam's debris, but there are miles of grassy plots, where tall buildings once stood. Rotterdam was badly bombed, but the waterfront has been -re paired and new warehouses and other large buildings erected, A few skyscrapers, built before the war, escaped direct hits. They are strikingly modern. But the inhabitants are weary. Accom modation is naturally a problem, Dutch food rations uninteresting and "white" bread a dull brown. But for all their weariness, solid Dutchmen have not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruins a new city is rising, built by grim determination. We saw flags of Holland, Bel gium and Luxembourg flying alongside each other from many buildings on Liberation day. There were numerous Belgium tourists visiting Rotterdam, but in con trast to lush Belgium. Holland re sembles Mother Hubbard's cup board. 