HOLLAND TO-DAY (By t^.S.l First ImpresdonB of the capital of Holland — Amsterdam — ere very favourable. There are canals, broad avenues and mod em shops. We entered the city in a bus wlilch hed lieen BwaltlnK lit at an airport which is being considerably enlarged. A r?\v fi.eel hangars rise from cleared deuils. Dutch military police in BritiEh-style battle dress, arc in control. They attend to for malities, normally undertaken by immigration officials, as wartime precautions are stilt rigidly en forced. Amsterdam was festive. We ar rived while a Western Union con ference was meeting at The Hague, and the Dutch were also com memorating Liberation day. War passed Amsterdam without doing much material damage. Seventeen century houses in old sections of the eitv still flank cobbled streets along thc feizer eracht and Heercngracht canals. Streets are so narrow, hole that only one person can pass alone them comfortably at a time . Pic turesque houses, painted black and brown, with white window frames mid curiously shaped rabies topped with a crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Our attention was directed to several gaps among these quaint lTih century buildings. It was ?ex- plained that during the hard winter of 1945. when part of Hol land had already been liberated by the Allies.. Amsterdam suffered many difficulties with the Germans still in control. Coal was unobtain able, and Amsterdam's inhabitants demolished many old houses util ising the limber for fuel. All over the city there are plain wooden crosses covered with fresh flowers, and at night fires burn constantly at their base. The crosses marked the spot where Dutrh resistance workers had been shot during occupation . As it was Liberation day and Amsterdam was honouring its dead, tilent crowds moved from one cross to another, nome of thc citizens earning bunches of tulips and hyacinths. Elsewhere in the city, the inhabi tants were celebrating. Streets M-cre garlanded with flags and orange-coloured bunting. Bright lanterns illuminated the canals by night and each square swarmed «ilh vendors selling ice cream, hot uotato chips and mulU-caUmred balloons. Roadside cafes were crovded. and young people in gay Frle.'lBnd and Zeelend costumes sang old ballads and executed folk dances on the pavements to the ac companiment of violins and accor dions. We were instructed that if ever we (rot lost in Amsterdam we should board the first tram and ask for 'The 'lam.1 because all trams seem to pass there. The Dam Is a large, cobbled square, where the Royal Palace and New Church are situated. Thc Dam Palace was re built in 1808 for Louis Bonparte, during Napoleon's occupation of the Low Countries. The place is known as thc house without & door. Its architect seems to have con centrated all his imagination on lofty windows, neglecting to design an Imposing entrance as well. It Is customary for- Dutch sovereign to remain here for a week each June as the city's guests. All religious ceremonies associated with Dutch coronations takea place at New Church. The edifice, with Its imposing' lines and stained glass windows, was first completed in 1410, but has been inbuilt twice since. Amsterdam stands on marsh lands and Includes 90 islands with over 300 bridges spanning its many canals. Its founders sank lung piles into the soil, some almost 60 feet deep, to build thc city. The Dam palncc rests on 13,699 piles, and Erasmus once mockingly called Amsterdam's inhabitants 'rooks living in tree tops.' In the 13th century. Amsterdam was known bb the Dam on the Anistil Strcam—hcnce ius name— and in the middle 14th century. William IV. Count of Holland, first granted it civic tlghtt. During the 17th century, as seat of the wcallliy United East India Company, and as a i efucc lor the persecuted, Am slemdani grew in importance. Amsterdam Is noted for ita fine Dutch maflci*. and ninny are housed in t!if Riilit. m Slate niUFeUm ncnihi^ndt's exquisite Night Walrh. Much ai-oused bitter criticism during Ihe artist's life time. Ins been recently cleaned hy ml experts. Works bv Fran» Hals. Van del HelM And a ealaxy or other Dutch tn»stfr(, an at tht Rijki museum. which is an attractive twin-towered, red brick building. Rotterdam is connected to Amsterdam bv swift, elreamlined trains, which stop at The Hague— kno«Tl lorBllv us Den Haag-and nt various other towns. We embark ed at Rotterdam on a Danish ves sel hound for Singapore and the train journey to the port carried us through countryside gay with red. yellow and white tulips, which the Dutch carefullv rear for export. Rotterdam, bv comparison with Amsterdam is war-torn and dreary. We stayed at the Hotel Central, near the railway station. It is one of the few buildings left standing In the area. But even the Hotel Central lost a wing in the 'blitz.' Dutch industry has cleared Rotter dam's debris, but there are nule.1 of grassv plots, where tall burn ings once stood. Rotterdam was badly bombed, but the waterfront has been re paired and new warehouses and other large huilding erected . A few skyscrapers, built before the war. escaped direct hits. They are strlklncly modern. But the inhabi tants are weary. Accommodation U naturally a nroblem, Dutch food rntiolv uninteresting and 'white' bread a dull brown. But for all their weariness, solid Dutchmen have not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruins a new city is rising, built by grim determina tion. We sow flags of Holland. Bel glum and Luxemboug flying alongside each other from many buildings on Liberation day. There were numerous Belgian tourists visiting Rotterdam, but in contrnst to lush Belgium. Holland re sembles Mother Hubbard's cup board. 