By ALFRED JOACHIM FISCHER I The story of the boat-builder, Arne Chemnitz, is unique, \ probably he is the most original Palestine immigrant. [ Some.two years ago, Arne succeeded in entering “iiieg i ally” the country of his dreams. To-day, the Jewish army ' has no- more ardent and courageous fighters than he. 3 Chemnitz, who has now mastered the Hebrew language | spoke originally only “Greenlandish” and Danish. !n fact, i Israel, the land of his forefathers, as he calls it, is the \ country of only one of his grandfathers. I ia 1886, a Polish Jew, who I | had narrowly escaped a pogrom! in his hometown, reached the: Danish shores. He had neither; money nor profession, and spoke no Danish. At that time, the Co 1 penhagen Jewish Community had 3 no funds at its disposal to support penniless newcomers. In an ad venturous mood, and because his situation was really desperate, he joined the merchant nevy. WORKED ON COASTAL STEAMERS The young man worked on various coastal , steamers, and sailed to Sweden, Norway, and Scotland. After a few years, already an experienced seaman, he found employment on a boat going to Greenland. The journey at tnat time took three months. In Gothaab, the present capital of Greenland, Chemnitz became , dangerously ill with pneumonia. There was no choice but to spend ; the winter in Greenland, as he 1 would never have survived the journey back to Denmark. The i captain left him in charge of the I Danish pastor. Eventually, Chem | nitz regained his health. i When the first boat landed in | the summer, Chemnitz did not ! want to leave Greenland. Lake so many others who have fallen in love with the solitude and the beauty of the ‘Arctic landscape, he did not care any more about returning to “civilisation.” On ■ the recommendation of the pastor he secured a licence for one of the trading posts, where the Eskimos exchange their skins, i oils, and handicrafts for coffee, tea, tobacco, guns and fishing tackle. For hundreds of miles around he was the only white man. It is not surprising, there • fore, that he married an Eskimo ‘ girl, and learned the language of his new homeland. AT LONELY OUTPOST For years Chemnitz remained at his lonely outpost. Only when his son had reached school . age did he move to Gothaab. ■Chemnitz senior had been edu cated as a Jew. But he had not been able to maintain Jewish traditions in Greenland. For this there was no opportunity. Never theless, he often told his son, and later his' grandchild, Arne, in whose veins flows only one_fourth part of Jewish blood, about Jewry and the centuries-old hope for Palestine. Old Chemnitz died without having seen Europe again. Arne’s father works in the wilderness as trader, friend and adviser of the Eskimos of his district. Arne went to school in Gothaab where the few Danes in the dis trict study together with the Eskimo children. Everything in dicated that Arne, too, would be come a “Greenlander.” One day, however, news of the annihilation of the Jews in Europe reached even his remote Gothaab home. Arne began to think about him self and his fate. He felt a pro found relationship with the per_ secuted; he suffered and mourned with them. The blood of his grandfathers was stronger than that of his Greenland ancestors. WANTED TO GO TO ISRAEL When Arn6 also heard about Palestine, the restored homeland of the Jewish people, he felt a desire to go there. For a long time he wondered what course he, could adopt. As a “Greenlander’',; agriculture did not appeal to him. But Palestine, too, lies on the sea. The new people in its old land would need. a fishing fleet. Arne turned his attention to the con struction of fishing vessels. After the end of the war he left for Denmark with the first steamer, finished his boatbuilder’s training in record time. Intelligent and alert, he quickly established contact with Aliyah Bet. At first, this odd Jew met with plenty of scepticism. With his broad cheekbones and his oily black hair he looked like a Mon golian and not like a Semite. His enthusiasm, however, was strong enough to overcome such consid erations. At last Arne arrived in Israel. Today he is a member of the Jewish army. When peace has returned to Israel, Arne will return to constructing boats. His ambition is not confined to fish ing vessels, but embraces also steamships, which might one day carry Israeli oranges to his native Greenland. 