* I nmi»m>igggggViiiUiiUk^.3 FROM OUR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOUSE (No. 60.) LABOUR DOUBTS AS TIME RUNS OUT.— Cabinet's final meeting before the Easter holidays noted that the sands of time were moving fast towards the elections, the prices and rents referendum, and the necessity to make new, perhaps, unpopular, decisions about internal, security and external defence. All Ministers studied a statement of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to making a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1949. More than an hour was spent discussing the International Wheat Agreement, its effect upon the Pollard Stabilisation Scheme and on wheat electorates—so often the difference between power and defeat. Apart from decisions about the next Parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet discussion, but the Prime Minister, Mr. J. B. Chifley, smoked several pipes with the Federal Secretary of the Labour Parly, Mr. Pat KermeUy {Victorian M.L.C.) and other Labour Party organisers oil the prospects of the May 29 referendum. There are grave doubts among Ministers as to the result of this referendum, since the latest public opinion poll showed a falling away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian referenda become party issues and the result of May 29 will be interpreted by both sides as shadows or ' sunshine over their 1949 horoscopes. ; The Liberals are planning an intense campaign, and it seems e-ertain that : Opposition Leader, Bob Menzies will j be on tour, arguing against any further powers while the present Government remains, before Parliament • adjourns in May. As in the 1946 elections, Ben Chifley will make a j shorter torn- over a briefer period. Fact that Communists are agitat- ! ing so heartily for more rigid price 1 control, trying to steal the house- j wives thunder, does riot cheer Labour j Ministers either. Those Minister's> who agreed with the Liberal decision' to ban the Communist Party said this \ week, "But we can't do it now the' Liberals have the initiative." ENERGETIC ARTHUR Irrepressible Immigration Minister! Arthur Calwell, broke another long- j established precedent this week. Hav- ; ing recently caused eyebrows to rise, by making direct contact with British ; Cabinet Ministers, without the inter- J vention of the Australia House red' tape entanglements, this energetic, Minister issued a statement in his j own name after a Cabinet meeting. I Such announcements usually come i from the Prime Minister, but the en- j ergetic Arthur had his statement • about an extension of immigration! ready before Cabinet made its deci- j sion. He was so confident of its adoption that simultaneous releases j were ready in European capitals! | Calwell quickly won the support of Works Minister, Nelson Lemmon, and Defence Minister, John Dedman (who immediately followed Arthur's precedent by issuing a defence statement in his own name). They agreed with his argument that national i works involving joint British Com- • monwealth strength, such as the | rocket rahge project, shipbuilding,. hydro-electric development for de- • fence industries, were impossible without immigrant labour. It wasj felt that assisted passages to Europeans would stimulate British understanding of Australia's sense of urgency in this matter. Nelson Lemmon put this viewpoint to "atomic" scientist Professor Oliphant at a Hotel Canberra reception the other day. Lemmon promises' Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While awaiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on j mass immigration from the British j Isles to the Dominions, this new Cabinet decision means that more Danish, French and Norwegian ships will <?ome to Australia. Shipping companies have assured Australia that the subsidy on passages for European immigrants will make it worthwhile visiting Australia for cargoes for Europe. The Government hopes this competition will also bring more British ships to Australia. Meanwhila, Australians are on their way to the continent to select immigrants from j the long lists in the key capitals. MINISTERIAL EASTER EGG Three Ministers will spend their Easter holidays with a pungent Easter egg trying to discover how to give the Australian Broadcasting Commission more revenue without lifting the listeners' licence fee; without allowing advertising on the national stations; without making national broadcasting a burden on Consolidated Revenue. This year's subsidy to the A.B.C.—apart from licence fees—totals £1,324,000. Postmaster-General, Senator Don Cameron, former P.M.G. Senator Bill Ashley (mentally pre-occupied about shipping hold-ups) and Arthur Calwell, former chairman of the Parliamentary Broadcasting Committee, have been asked by Cabinet to make recommendations from the latest report on A.B.C. administration. Until Cabinet makes a decision, A.B.C. programmes cannot be improved nor plans for 1947/S/9 finalised. MINORITY REPORT MISSING.— The report from three Government officers, including former newspaper; editor and censor E. G. Bonney, is marked "secret." What intrigues observers, however, is the disappearance of the devastating criticism of E. G. Bonney in a minority report written some weeks ago. How a compromise was reached to make a unanimous "white-washing" report on the eve of Bonney's voyage to America to take charge of the New York Information Bureau may be revealed when the three Ministers make their recommendations. Perhaps Arthur Calwell has his officer's report up his sleeve. RUMOURS ABOUT WHEAT.— Finality on the International Wheat Agreement now awaits arrival of the complete document with full details. Meanwhile, the strongest rumours persist that with this agreement, the Federal Government's use of export clauses in the Constitution is strengthened and the internal stabilisation] plan and acquisition no longer worries Commerce Minister Reg Pollard!! 