V.-'C War production | staff as part of defence machinery I CANBERRA, Wednesday. — A joint war production staff is I to be established as part of Australia's defence machinery. Pf Object is to co-ordinate If strategic plans for production i requirements, . particularly I from the angle of developing I Australia as a main support I area in the Pacific. I The development was an- | nounced in the address of " the Governor-General (Mr. I McKell) at the opening of f Parliament today. 1 Misgiving | ' The Government, Mr. Mc- | Kell said, had developed the I postwar defence programme I with three points in mind — I the most effective manner of | self-defence; co-operation in 1 Empire and regional defence; | fulfilment of obligations un- | der the charter of the United j Nations. i The Government viewed \ _with dismay and misgiving the \ unfortunate division of I opinioft among the wartime i Allies in Europe. The Prime Minister (Mr. I Chifley) had already indicated the Australian Government's support of the policy of the British and American author ities. In the Pacific, Australia was closely linked with British and American policy. The measure of co-operation obtained in many matters had been most gratifying. Australia was trying to ob tain an early peace settlement in the Pacific, with Australia having rights in keeping with her wartime efforts. Television plan Other policy announce ments are: — Commonwealth legislation to set up gt permanent author ity to manage vessels owned | by the Commonwealth and to assist Australian shipping. The scheme for grant ing financial assistance to Empire and United States ex- servicemen and dependants to be extended to French, Dutch, Belgian, Norwegian and Danish ex-servicemen. A programme of £42,000,- 000 for the post office, in cluding placement of orders for 650 rural automatic ex change units. Sixteen additional national broadcasting stations to be built. Tenders to be invited for television stations for Sydney and Melbourne. Employment Mr. McKell revealed that civil employment increased by 100,000 during the last finan cial year, and is now 640,000 above 1939. The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, he added, was proposing to de vote considerable attention to the problems involved in de veloping the great unsettled area£ of Northern Australia. It was engaged in a thor ough survey of potentialities, and the initiation of research programmes, to. meet particu lar needs of selected areas. Immigration "Immigration is vital to our future and has become an im portant phase of the Govern ment's activity," Mr. McKell said. "It is confidently expected that the original target of 70,000 migrants a yerf will be exceeded in the ensuing 12 months. "The Government intends to accelerate the immigration flow by pressing on energetic ally with its programmes and by taking full advantage of the expected improvement in the shipping position. "Plans provide for__ obtain ing new Australians from three main sources — United Kingdom, Empire and Allied ex-servicemen, particularly from the ynited States and from among the displaced persons in Europe." Mr. McKell concluded: "Australia's credit stands high. Financial operations both at home and abroad pro vide adequate testimony to that.3- "But my advisers ask me to enjoin every man and woman to make their in dividual and collective con tributions." . No salute of guns announ ced the opening of Parlia ment. The gun salute— part of the normal peacetime ceremony observed before the war- was omitted because the Government thinks it has little significance. Other peacetime1 ceremony marked the occasion, in cluding" a guard of honor of Duntroon military cadets. Tomorrow, an Address in Reply debate, will begin in the House of Representatives. 