CONTRASTS IN POST-WAR HOLLAND ' BY E.B. j J XjTRST impressions of the capital j of Holland-Amsterdam-are very favorable'. There are canals, ; broad avenues and modern shops. \ We entered the city in a bus Which , had been awaiting us at an airport ' ¡which is being considerably en larged. New steel hangars arise from cleared debris. Dutch military! police, in British-style battle dress, are in control. They attend to for malities normally undertaken by immigration officials, as wartime precautions are still rigidly en forced. Amsterdam was festive. We ar rived while a Western Union con ference was meeting at The Hague, and the Dutch were also com memorating Liberation Day. War passed Amsterdam without doing much material damage. Seventeenth century houses in old sections of the city still flank cobbled streets along the Keizer gracht and Heerengracht canals. Streets are so narrow here that i only one person can pass along them comfortably at a time. Pic turesque houses, painted black and brown, with white window frames and curiously shaped gables, top ped with a crane and pulley, re main unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Q> i^kUR attention was directed to ^ several gaps among these quaint 17th century buildings. It was explained that during the hard winter of 1945, when part of Holland had already been liberat ed by the Allies, Amsterdam suf fered many hardships with the Germans still in control. Coal was unobtainable, and Amsterdam's in habitants demolished many old houses, utilising the timber for fuel. All over the city there are plain wooden crosses covered with fresh flowers, and at night fires burn constantly at their base. The crosses mark the spot where Dutch resistance workers were shot d-.tr ing occupation. As it was Am sterdam was honoring its dead, silent crowds moved from one cross to another, some of the citizens carrying bunches of tulips and hyacinths. Elsewhere in the city the in habitants were celebrating. Streets were garlanded with flags and orange-colored bunting. Bright lanterns illuminated the canals by night, and each square swarmed with vendors selling ice cream, hot potato chips and multi-colored balloons. Roadside cafes were crowded, and young people in gay Priesland and Zeeland costumes sang old ballads and executed folk dances on the pavements to the accompaniment of violins and ac cordions. We were instructed that if ever we got lost in Amsterdam we should board the first tram and ask for "The Dam," because all trams seem to pass there. The Dam is a large, cobbled square, where the Royal Palace and New Church are situated. The Dam Palace was re built in 1808 for Louis Bonaparte, during Napoleon's occupation of the Low Countries. The palace is known as the house without a door. Its architect seems co have concentrated all his imagination on lofty .windows, neglecting to design an imposing entrance as well. It is customary for Dutch sover eigns to' remain here for a week each June as the city's guests. All religious ceremonies associated with Dutch coronations take place at New Church. The edifice, with its imposing lines and stained glass windows was first completed in 1410, but has been rebuilt twice Amsterdam stands on marsh lands and includes 90 islands, with over 300 bridges spanning its many canals, t Its founders sank long piles into the soil, some almost 80 feet deep, to build the city. . The Dam Palace rests on 13,659 piles, and Erasmus once mockingly called Amsterdam's inhabitants "rooks living in tree-tops." In the 13th century, Amsterdam was known as the Dam on the Am stil Stream- hence its name-and in the middle 14th century, William IV., Count of Holland, first grant ed it- civic rights. . During the 17th century, as seat of the weal thy United East India Company, and as a refugee for the persecuted, Amsterdam grew in importance. Amsterdam is noted for its Dutch masters, and many are housed in the Rijks, or State, museum. Rem brandt's exquisite "Night Watch," which aroused bitter criticism dur ing the artist's lifetime, has been recently cleaned by art experts. Works by Frans Hals, Van der Heist and a galaxy of other Dutch mas ters, are at the Rijksmuseum which is an attr/.ctive twin-towered, red brick building. Rotterdam is connected to Am sterdam by swift, streamlined trains which stop at The Hague- known locally as Den Haag-and at vari ous other towns. We embarked at Rotterdam on a Danish vessel bound for Singapore, and the train journey to the port carried us through countryside gay with red, yellow and white tulips, which [the Dutch carefully rear for export > Rotterdam by comparison with ! Amsterdam, is wartorn and dreary. , We stayed at the Hotel Central, ! nëàr the railway station. It is Í one of the few buildings left stand ing in the area. . But even the i Hotel Central lost a wing in the blitz. Dutch industry has cleared ^K Rotterdam's debris, but there are mm\ ; miles of grassy plots where tall Wi-' . buildings once stood. ! Rotterdam was badly bombed, but the waterfront has been . repaired , and new warehouses and other , large buildings have been erected. A few skyscrapers, built before the , war, escaped direct hits. . They , are strikingly modern. But the . inhabitants are weary. Accoramo 1 dation is naturally a problem. Dutch food rations uninteresting, and .'white" bread a dull brown. But for all their weariness, solid Dutchmen have not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruins a new city ia rising, built by grim determina tion. We saw flags of Holland, Belgium and Luxembourg flying alongside each other from many buildings on Liberation day. There were nu merous Belgian tourists visiting Rotterdam birt in contrast to lush Belgium, Holland resembles Mother Hubbard's clipboard. ; (By arrangement' with the Mel Ibourne "Age.") j Central railway station at Amsterdam 