[?] Government would cost even more TI/jTORE tight fisted than ever on tax cut demands Prime Minister Chif- ley is paying taxpayers the compli ment of ordering departments "to drasti cally prune their expenditure for the year ending June 30, 1949." But, even so, increasing costs look like forcing him to ask Parliament for more money to run the country in 1948-49 than it is taking this financial year. For that reason Chif shook his head negatively this week when he read published reports that taxpayers could expect a 12h per cent; over-all tax cut from July 1. Ministers were forecasting that instead of tax cuts the next budget would provide more money for improved and in creased social service benefits — better medical and health ser vices. higher pensions, the first stage to abolish the means test, a start on the much-publicised national health scheme. Last year Parliament auth orised Chif to spend £405,185,000 in 1947-48, compared with only £95,064,790 in the year before the start of World War II. On the way costs are sky rocketing now, Chif is facing the necessity of having to a,<jk Parliament for about £430,000,000 for the year ending June 30. 1949. It is conservatively estimated that Chif's bigger and better social service programme when operating fully in about two years' time will cost taxpayers another £100,000,000 a year. Late last year those close to the Prime Minister thought he might give wage earners a little tax relief, but since then the emphasis has been increasingly on indirect relief through bet ter social services, with tax cuts waiting until some time in 1949. But between now and presen tation of the next budget to Parliament Caucus backbench ers will fight hard to get an immediate tax cut at least for the lower paid workers. Judging from the way dhif is looking at the problem now, and because he has the support of at least a majority of his Ministers on his budget ideas, the vocal backbenchers will lose the fight temporarily. Chif's attitude: "You can't have it both ways. You can't have greatly improved social services and big tax cuts at the same time. The Government must pay its way." Come what may. Labor's chief appeal at the general elections late next year will be "the value of the Government's social ser vice benefits and its sound anti- inflationary economic policy to the family man." Tb« Prime Minister's order "to prune departmental expen diture to the bone," has heart ened Treasury officials who, armed with blue pencils, are slashing into the estimates de partmental chiefs are submit ting for inclusion in the next budget. The Treasury's chief problem: Salaries have increased, the cost of materials is higher, the number on the Commonwealth pay roll has jumped from 68,512 in 1939 to 162,900 now, with more enrolling each month. Was McKenna on the slide? © Weekend rumors claimed that Chif had broken with Health Min ister Nick McKenna, who was one of his white- haired boys not so long ago. These rumors stated that Chif would shortly replace Mc Kenna, and give the Health job to Immigration and Informa tion Minister Arthur Calwell. Reason: Chif is dissatisfied with McKenna's apparent in ability to get Labor's- social ser vice and medical benefits pro gramme into full operation as quiutt-iy uaouai,es ciiiu uimm leaders would like. Evidence supporting the ru mors is the delay of nearly a . year in starting the free medi cine scheme and an even longer delay in sending the National Health Bill to Parliament. After the job Calwell has done in getting the immigration pro gramme under way, many Lab- orites would like to see him take over McKenna's job and put more zip into the Health Ministry. Tills diplomat made history © Tall, grey - haired, genial Christian Rottboll, < Denmark's first Minister to Australia, will take the drastic step next June of | — M MHI IIBMIBTTiTTnjfWIlTITnWWnBnriMCWr transferring the Danish Legation from Canberra to the lonely, rugged mountains eight miles away. Because he has to vacate the house in the city which he has used for a year he is taking over a big home on the top of Mt. Stromlo while the present occupier, Astronomer Woolley, is abroad. Rottboll will make diplomatic history in Australia by being the first foreign diplomat to establish his country's legation in the mountains ringing Can berra and stretching back into the snow-capped Alps. High on the mountain, along side the Commonwealth Obser vatory, the Legation will be sur rounded by thousands of acres of pine forest sweeping down into the valleys and hinterland. Rottboll's hope: by the time Dr. Woolley returns to Austra lia at the end of the year he will have found another house in accommodation-starved Can berra. CMS outwitted the Opposition © Chif has outwitted the Opposition and scotched what would have been a bitter debate on Menzies' motion to censure Labor's Dan Mulcahy for the al legations he made against Independent Macalister Blain. Last November Mulcahy al leged in Parliament that Blain had used his gold pass while a prisoner of war in Malaya and Borneo to get specialised treat ment from the Japs. Two weeks ago, after an in quiry, Parliament's Privileges Committee, containing a major ity of Government members, unreservedly cleared Blain of that charge. Laborites kept their fingers -.-.J n f trrnnl rl CIUSScU, XiUyiiig VLLCkKt Yvuuiuwm bury the incident, but Opposi tionists returned to the attack late last week when Menzies gave notice that this week he would move that Parliament censure Mulcahy. Chif chewed that over, took the initiative when Parliament re-assembled last Wednesday, and moved a precedent motion which put Ming's motion at the bottom of the notice paper, where it will stay undebated for the remainder of this session. With Ming going overseas in a few weeks' time for about four months, the Opposition cannot bring the motion on until he re turns, unless he withdraws it before he goes and another Op position member moves it later in the year. Labor members reckon that Chif's cunning has ended the incident for good. J ROTTBOLL I . , . high life 