CABLES IN BRIEF Aauhania For Migrants LONDON, Friday: The liner, Ac qultanla will return to the South hampton-Nova Scotia service in May, chiefly as a migrant carrier, as a result of an agreement be tween the* Canadian Government and the Cunard White star Com pany. Reuter says the lln#r Is ex pected to carry 12,100 passengers, mostly Immigrants between May and October. Diplomatic Immunity LONDON, Irlday: A letter from the Foreign Office has stopped the hearing of a breach of promise action against a vice-consul at the American Embassy, reports Reuter. The letter stated that the U.S. State Department claimed diplo matic Immunity on behalf of the defendant. The Judge said he would stand the case down because he had no Jurisdiction at present, in view of the letter. Air Chief Resigns LONDON, Friday: Sir Conrad Collier refused to tell Reuter his reasons for resigning from his post as Controller of Technical and Op erational Services. The Ministry of Civil Aviation ras announced the resignation as effective from March 16 sir Conrad was one of the 'council of tlfen' appointed last December to correlate civil avia tion activities. Holland's Food Cut THE HAGUE, Friday: It Is of ficially announced that the Gov ernment will introduce 'a drastic new economv measure, including a further cut in food rations. British United Press says this results from the reduction of impnrts from the dollar area. U.K. -Danish Trade LONDON. Friday: It is reliably learned bv Reuter that the British and Danish trade delegations have drafted an agreement, up to Sep tember 30. under which Britain will send Denmark a' ut 850.000 tons of coal and 50.000 tons of steel. Denmark will supply between 35.000 and 45.00 tons of butter nt 321/6 ner hundredwelsrt and 20.000 to 25.000 tor-, of bacon at 250 shillings per cwt. Labor Wins By-Election LONDON. Friday: Labor in creased its majority In winning the Paisley bv-election in a straieht out tussle with the Nationalist party. The s^at was won by the Solici tor-General for Scotland, Douglas H. Johnston (Labor) -vho defeated I. McCormlck (Nationalist) by 27.213 votes to 20.668 The by electlon resulted fror.- the succes sion of the Viscount Covedale to the title on Tarly Baldwin's death, on December 14. N.E.I. Solution NEW YORK. Friday: The pro posed United States of Indonesia appeared to be the only solution to the political situation In the N.E.I, that would possibly work Dr. Walter Foote, U.S. Consul General In Batavia. told the Far East-American Council of Com merce and , Industry today. Conflicting Reports PEIPING, Friday: Conflicting reports were received today re garding the fate of the Anshan steel producing centre south of Mukden, where Communists were earlier stated to have virtually taken the city. The Shanghai correspondent ol A.A.P. -Reuter. however, says that according to semi-official report Communists have been beaten back to their original positions on the | outskirts of the city. I ? ? 