[?] Candles play a -vital patrt in the celebration of the Feast ? By a Special Correspondent fllF/^F113' H E fourth ^ r9Wr M Christ mas ^?NhWi \ 1 ) season since gJXjjkV' the end of $\ kk\ rr' World War ?®i-r^raii. win find fr^/\\\ -^m i n c r e a sing I J^^rivU ll numbers of !H/ ntfr-SfVi Pe°Ples in hr nil Ml many lands M\ v Ij (I '[ \s[. lighting* can dles again in their own traditional ways. During the war many of the humble joys and festivities assor ciated with the celebration of Christmas were perforce neglected. In countries where battles raged, and elsewhere the lack of little ne cessities handicapped Nativity fes tivals. Candles were among t— a missing items. But this year Chris tians of all nations hopefully, pray erfully, observe once again the Infant Christ's natal day — each in his own historic fashion — and in many countries the candle plays a vital part in these varied celebra tipns. In America the altar is ablaze with lights at Midnight Mass. The Crib with its familiar figures is found in church and home. The Christmas tree no longer is'lighted ?with candles, for safety reasons, but tapers burn elsewhere in the home and as sanctuary and votive lights in churches. In Ireland there is the quaint practice of placing lighted candles in cottage Trindows 'to guide the Holy Family.' Doors are left un latched . in case the Holy Family should seek shelter. Village children in Mexico go about the streets carrying can dles every night for nine nights before Christmas. According to this custom, 'posada,' these little 'holy families,' pause before the homes of neighbours. At first the 'inn- keeper' refuses them admittance, but soon relents and they enter and' all kneel in prayer. A table is set with food in Ger man homes 'and candles are lighted on Christmas Eve in readiness for the Holy Family, if that Blessed Trip should knock at tho door. Schoolmasters in Lancaster, Eng land, were once presented with a grift of candles by their pupils on the last day of the term before Christmas. Even behind the so-called 'Iron1 Curtain' the ancient custom of burning a Christmas candle is be lieved to be still prevalent in the Ukraine. Peasants set the table and place on it a large candle re presenting the Star of Bethlehem. Straw is spread round on the floor in memory of the stable whore the phrist-Chlld was born. In Switzerland, when gifts are dis tributed, candles are gleaming in every home. »^y»*'«i Respect for the JM ; A 3 candle on the part of jJlF V/t»** Norwegians is espee jX*Z if o lftHy profound at Chrlst 'tf^\ Jj°o mns tlme- A11 silver ^«-v*fcii^ and pewter and other household goods are placed where they will catch the rays of the candle, since in candle rays there is said to be a benediction. Carol singers on the Isle of Man sing until the candles they carry are burned down. Croatian children light their candles from another held in the hand of thoir father. As the wick catches the flame they say gravely, 'Christ is born.' A Scandinavian custom is to loave candles lighted throughout the night with the father, or old est member of the household, ex tinguishing them at sunriso. Re maining stubs are used to bless farm animals and thus ensure their health. The melted wux is fed to fowls to protect arid incroaao tho flocks, and ploughs are covered. with the wax to make the furrows straight and fertile. Candles are burned boforo cribs In Italy, on d.nnor tables in Franco, and above the door of homos in Spain — all with the same intont: to greet tho newborn King. Iloro aro some other intoroatirig ctiHtoms in tho countries llstod: Denmark: Danish childrnn. bo foro going to bod on ChrlBtmaB Evo, plucn 11 bowl of porridge at tho top of tho attic tilulr for Jul-Nttoto ? — tho llttlfl old nmn who In nuppon tul to llvo thoro, but. in vlnlblo only to the family e.-it. Nrsxt innrnWiM thoy niMh up to nmi If tho porrld^o htiij boon oaten. It always huti, but no one explains by whom — npt even the family cat. Norway: Weeks before Christ-, mas Norwegian housewives are^ busy making special sausages and cheese, baking brods and lefse, while their husbands dry and ' salt meats and prepare the lutflsk. The. special task of the children is to; shape fancy candles for the tree. And in commemoration of the ani-, mals who warmed the Infant Jesus with. their breath, extra fodder is provided on Christmas Eve for all the beasts, and a sheaf of grain is tied to the top of - a tree so that the. birds also may feast. Sweden: In .Sweden St. Lucy ushers in the Christmas season. On her feast, December .13, early in the morning a maiden; of the household, dressed- in a red-sashed white robe and wearing a crown of pine boughs topped by seven lighted candles, awakens everyone and offers Te f reshment : from her tray — coffee and special cookies. ^0*S*\'\ Tne national banner W 5 p z is placed at the top of JWfa 'vA»* the Christmas tree in jL^ If o Sweden, with the flags jS^j 11°° of other nations *Vk7 «in i* grouped around it on the lower branches. This symbolises the message of the angels: Peace on earth. ? Switzerland: In some sections* of Switzerland, St. Lucy accompanies St. Nicholas when he goes in pro cession through the streets on De cember 5, the eve of his feast. St. Lucy rewards the good girls while St. Christopher looks out for the boys. Accompanying the 'Bishop of Myra' in his red robe are other 'bishops' in white robes who col lect alms for the poor. England': The British have many Christmas' traditions and customs of either pagan or Christian origin, and, often, a Christian adaptation of a pagan rite. The plum pudding is especially symbolic of the true spirit of Christmas; all the family and friends, both young and old. help to prepare these puddings, not just for the family but also for the poorer families of the neighbour hood. Canada: In English-speaking Ca nada, British Christmas traditions, somewhat influenced by those of the United States of America, hold sway; but in the Province of Quebec, French customs are ob served. The celebration begins with Midnight Mass. followed immediate ly by 'revelllon' — the equivalent of our Christmas dinner. Pere Noel remembers the children at Christ mas, but adults exchange gifts on Now Year's Day. As in New Or leans, on Epiphany, or 'Twelfth Night,' French-Canadians cut 'Le Gateau dos Rois' — the Kings' Cake. The boy and girl who find tho pea and the bean in their slices reign as king and queen. Mexico: In all Latln-Amorlcan countries, the 'posnda' — resting- place — recalls tho search of the Holy Family for a night's lodging. Another custom, which delights Mexican children, is the 'pinata,' a crock or other container disguised to look like a human head, and suspended from the celling. Blind folded, each child has a swing at it with a stick. When the 'pinata' 1b struck and broken, sweetx and toys spill o'-.t and all the children soramble for them. Spain: Spanish children receive thoir gifts on Epiphany, and it Is tho Three Kings, the Magi, who pro vide these. Christmas, however,' Is a great roligious feast. Italy: In Italy on Christmas Eve, peasants coma down from the moun tains drossed as shepherds and play thoir pipes before all, shrinos of tho Blessed Mother and ovory carpenter shop. Holland: In tho Netherlands on tho evening of December 5, tho ca rillons ring out the announcement that St. Nicholas will travel through cltioH and towiiM that night. Tho children put thoir wooden hIioor on window bIUh to muko It oiuiy for thoir patron milnt to ditit.rlbuto hln l\ltlti upoodlly. Thoy nliio put out hay. enrroir. and v.-.ito;- to rmrtmii hln overworked wttltct home. I Germany: To CJoriumny tho world] is indebted for the 'Tarinenbaum' — Christmas tree— 1and one of the most beautiful of all Christmas carols: 'Stille Nacht, Heilige Nache' — 'Silent Night, Holy Night.' Poland: Christmas Eve in Pojand is known ^,s the 'Feast of the Star.' The day of feasting ends when the first star apears in the evening sky, and the family, begins to eat the 'wilia.' Straw is placed under table, table cloth and each plate, and a chair, is left vacant for the Christ Child, should He be looking for a place' to feast that night. The father of the family first breaks the Christ mas wafer,. which has been blessed by. the parish priest, then passes it around for every member of the household to have a portion. Russia: Kolyada is the name for Christmas carols in Russia. Of an cient pagan origin, they have been Christianised and are — ng to-day wherever Russians in exile gather — perhaps even In Russia itself, for nothing is so hard to kill as tradi tion. Russia also has a quaint Epiph any celebration. At midnight a hen is removed from her roost and thrust into the lighted kitchen where five piles of grain have been heaped. Each pile is labelled, and the family's fortune for the year is indicated by the hen's choice. United States: 'Send them . . . to me,' the inscription on the Statue of Liberty' in New York Harbor reads. And in sending them the immigrants. the world has also sent customs and tra ditions. Perhaps in the Unit ed States — the 'melting pot' o€ Christmas customs and traditions — we find the best single example of: 'Nations united in the spirit ot Christmas.' 