Early History: Rockhampton And District (By "HISTORICUS") I On February 28,1886, the Upper tton" aK8Ip ?*, placed to Posi 1\. dc^tlonaI lo marking the crossing place at the Upper Plats she showed, by lights at night and by shapes during the day time, the depth of water on the leads across the Hate. Foreshad owing Herbert's departure from the colony the first MacAllster Jpilstry, in which was merged pie Herbert Ministry, was formed in February. Tenders were in vited on March 2 for the erection of (unspecified) public. offices at Rockhampton. The Star Dramatic Company ! staged "All that Glitters Is Not Gold" In the School of Arts on March 5, with the ever popular Miss Kate Ward (Mrs G. R. Vin son) in the. leading role. The company also staged Dron Bour cicault's 'The Old Guard". M. 8. Bundle, Harbourmaster, Rock hampton, was appointed also to be Shipping Ins? tor, and P. Hardlfe was appointed a boatman pilot, both for the port of Rock hampton and both dating from March 8. On Morch 10 Peak Downs reported a .scarcity of drinking water, which was being carted three miles Miners were j leaving the diggings. O. Brldgeford wt* appointed j bailiff for the Court of Requests, Sprlngsure, on March 20. The I Star Dramatic Company was back from Mackay on . April 10. and , during a short season put on Bui- i wer Lyttoa's "Richelieu" and ! " The Lady of LyonsSgt M. j Buckley, Gladstone, was appointed I On April 11 to be Crown Lands ! R nger and Inspector of Slaugh terhouses for that district. A proclamation dated April 4 called together the people of the State on Friday, April 13. "to unite In humiliation and prayer to Almighty God to obtain through His Divine mercy a miti gation or removal of the calami tous drought then raging. All public offices were ordered to be closed on that day, and his Ex cellency expressed " my earnest hope that all classes of the com munity will Join with reverence and humility in thi solemn ap peal. * . After three well filled years spent mostly on the Hermitage and Burton Downs near Mackay-' In which he occasionally enliv ened Rockhampton life, Cuthbert Fetherstonhaugh left Rockhamp ton In April, 1866, to take up pas toral work tn Victoria. Caught up on the tall end of the collapse following the land boom, his cap ital. with much more Victorian money vanished overnight. The proclamation of February 14 regarding Wiseman's bridge toll Rate was rescinded on May 3 so as to change the name to Mandersleigh Bridge. A further correction was gazetted on May 25\. when Maudesleigh bridge was accorded *ts proper name. At a meeting' held In Rev J. Black's school house, Kent Street, on May 14, the Choral Union and the Amateur Dramatic Society de cided to combine forces and form a harmonic society. After ap pointing a committee to draw up rules the movement faded Into the night, and history Is silent upon Its future movements-if any. Sgt. J. McMahon, of Banana^ was appointed on May 17 to be Crown Lands Ranger and Inspec- , tor of Slaughterhouses for district. A new by-law. "imlft by, the Municipal Council of Rock hampton end gazetted on May 19 provided that " all annual rates and assessments shall be due and payable by two half-yearly in stalment? in advance." On May 28, at a public trusting held at the Court House, Cler mont, It was resolved that a pet ition be prepared requesting the Government to proclaim the townships of Clermont and Cop perfleld a municipality divided Into two wards, each ward re turning three aldermen. O. White was appointed on June 1 to be Registrar for the N6rthern District Court ?t Gladstone. It was announced on' June 4 Chat lease of the toll bar at Maudesleigh bridge would be auc ' tloned on the 18th idem, but no further notifications appear as to thn result. The petition to the Governor "purporting to be signed by 10B householders re siding in the towns of Clermont and Copperfleld " was gazetted on July 12. Of the signatories 61 were from Clermont. 10 from MacDonald's Flat, two from Cop per Mines and 126 i:om Copper field. It was decided after a debate In the Legislative Assembly on June 27, that proposed new rail way lines would be held pver be cause of the financial crisis until I the llne3 from Toowoomba to j Dalby and also. to Warwick and that from Rockhampton were completed. W. E. Hilliard was appointed on June 26. returning officer for the electoral districts of Port Curtis and Rockhampton In the place of P. D. Mansfield, resigned. Messrs H. Burkltt and W. E. Hilliard were appointed on June 29 to be shipping masters at Broadsound and Port Curtis re spectively. So as to bring Into the Peak Downs Goldfieid area McMaster's Diggings and the Spring Rush it was necsssary oh June 20 to issue a proclamation to replace that Is sued on August 11, 1863. A party of miners' working in the bed of Crocodile Creek in June came upon payable gold, and the usual indraught of miners from other areas soon began. Among the first, if, not the original discover ers, were W. Brady and T. Feely. The Choral -Union -gave its sec ond concert of the year during June, opening- for some undis closed reason-with the Danish National Anthem. From there they glided into the higher flights of Mendelssohn and Bach. Ac cording to Pattison, a man named Hunter bailed up the Taroom mail for the second time in June. He emptied the mail bags on to the road, took all letters containing money and destroyed all .Govern ment mall. The Clermont Sprlngsure mail also seems to have received his unwelcome at tention. The Black Bull ship Great Pacific anchored In Keppel Bay on July 11 after a passage from Liverpool of 106 days with 630 Im migrants. "the majority of whom are for the railway works Nine deaths on the voyage-mostly of children-were offset by nine births. Among her passengers was Mr J. Willis, well-known In the turning and fitting shops of Rockhampton and adjacent gold fields. B. F. Dowdeswell was appoin ted on-July 23 to be bailiff at the Northern District Court, Cler mont; John Dear, line repairer, was appointed acting (telegraph) station manager at Nebo on August 7, and Wm Cave was ap pointed CPS at Taroom on August 4 "vice Haynes, dismissed". On August 8 it was stated that In the Clermont district late frosts had checked the growth of what grass theie was, this ac rituating the feed shortage; and W. Hollinworth was appointed CPS at Clermont, vice W. Cave transferred to Taroom. Herbert's long term of office as Queens land's first Premier ended when he left the State on August 20. On August 20 J. K. Wilson was appointed CPS. at Clermont, vice Hollinworth, whose appointment was cancelled, and Tbos J. Griffin PM at Clermont, was appointed returning officer for the electoral district of Clermont on the 23rd' vice de Satge, resigned. The wreck of the the ss Caw arra at Newcastle had its reper cussions in Rockhampton, where the ship's company was known. A relief fund ended with a bene fit performance ol "The Spectre Bridegroom" by the Amateur 'Dramatic Club on August 24, which drew from the critical " Bulletin" man " though their benevolent zeal outran their dis cretion the amateurs should at least be excused, if not praised." By August there was a popu lation on the Crocodile of about 1000 people of whom a number were Chinese. Stores and hotels started up on the field, coaches maintained a service with Rock hamptop, and gold buyers opera ted on the spot. In the words of Bird: "Every facility was af forcted the miners to spend their money without going into town." Butcher's meat and stores of all . kinds were "only u shade above Rockhampton prices." On Sep timber 8 "aU the watershed Into Crocodile Creek, above'the cross ing of the road from Rockh amp Ion to Gladstone," was declared to be Crocodile goltifield, and on the 12th, J. Jardine was appointed Gold Commissioner for the fiela. . Specialising m original sketches of. household life, manners and J* eccentricities, the English artiste. Miss Edith Palmerston, opened a short season ln the School of Art* on September 10. The prevailing golden aurora hanging over the district, encouraged her to ask 5/ for entertainment that she was glad ultimately to sell at the ever popular 3/-, 2/- and I/-. 