in Canberra Todai, ® <M& i ft STTT? II s\ ' trnrLdSfc FROfVl OUR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOUSE (No. 60.) LABOUR DOUBTS AS TIME RUNS OUT.— Cabinet's final meeting before the! Easter holidays noted that the sands of time were moving fast towards the : elections, the prices and rents refer- 1 endum, and the necessity to 'make.! new, perhaps, unpopular, decisions! about internal security and external : defence. All Ministers studied a statement of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to making a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1949. More than an hour was spent discussing the Inter national Wheat Agreement, its effect upon the Pollard Stabilisation Scheme and on wheat electorates — so often the difference between power and de feat. Apart from decisions about the next Parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet discus sion, but the Prime Minister, Mr. J. B. Chifley, smoked several pipes with ! the Federal Secretary of the Labour; Party, Mr. Pat Kennelly (Victorian M.L.C.) and other. Labour Party ! organisers on the prospects of the ' May 29 referendum. \ There are grave doubts among Min isters as to the result of this referen dum, since the latest public opinion ' poll showed a falling away of earlier ; support. Unfortunately, Australian j referenda become party issues and j the result of May 29 will be inter- ! preted by both sides as shadows or sunshine over their 1949 horoscopes. The Liberals are planning an intense campaign, and it seems certain that Opposition Leader, Bob Menzies will be on tour, arguing against any fur ther powers while the present Gov ernment remains, before Parliament adjourns in May. As in the 1946 elections, Ben Chifley will make a shorter tour over a briefer period. Fact that Communists are agitat ing so heartily for more rigid price control, trying to steal the house wives thunder, does not cheer Labour Ministers either. Those Ministers who agreed with the Liberal decision; to ban the Communist Party said this i week, "But we can't do it now the 1 Liberals have the initiative." i ENERGETIC ARTHUR.— j Irrepressible Immigration Minister Arthur 'Calwell, broke another long-, established precedent this week. Hav ing recently caused eyebrows to rise by making direct contact with British Cabinet Ministers, without the inter vention of the Australia House red! tape entanglements, this energetic Minister issued a statement in his own name after a Cabinet meeting. Such announcements usually come from the Prime Minister, but the en ergetic Arthur had his statement about an extension of immigration ready before 'Cabinet made its deci sion. He was so confident of its adoption that simultaneous releases were ready in European capitals! Calwell quickly won the support of Works Minister, Nelson Lemmon, and Defence Minister, John Dedman (who imlmediately followed Arthur's pre cedent by issuing a defence state ment in his own name). They agreed with his argument that national works involving joint British Com monwealth strength, such as the rocket range project, shipbuilding, hydro-electric development for de fence industries, were impossible without immigrant labour. It was felt that assisted passages to Euro peans would stimulate British under standing of Australia's sense of urgency in this matter. Nelson Lemmon put this view point to "atomic" scientist Professor Oliphant at a Hotel Canberra recep tion the other day. Lemmon promises- Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While awaiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on m'ass immigration from the British Isles to the Dominions, this new Cab inet decision means that more Dan ish, French and Norwegian ships will come to Australia. Shipping com panies have assured Australia that the subsidy on passages for European immigrants will make it worthwhile visiting Australia for cargoes for Europe. The Government hopes this competition will also bring more Brit ish ships to Australia. Meanwhile, Australians are on their way to the continent to select immigrants from the long lists in the key capitals. MINISTERIAL EASTER EGG.— : Three Ministers will spend their I Easter holidays with a pungent j Easter egg trying to discover how to give the Australian Broadcasting j Commission more revenue without i lifting the listeners' licence fee; with- ! out allowing advertising on the na- j tional stations; without making na tional broadcasting a burden, on Con solidated Revenue. This year's subsidy to the A.B.'C'. — apart from licence fees — totals £1,324,000. Postmaster-General, Senator Don Cameron, former P.M.G. Senator Bill 'Ashley (mentally pre-occupied about shipping hold-ups) and Arthur- Cal well, former chairman of the Parlla- ! mentary Broadcasting Committee, | have been asked by Cabinet to make i recommendations from the latest re7 'port on A.B.C. administration. ,Un- i til Cabinet makes a decision, A.B.C. I programmes cannot be improved nor ! plans for 1947/8/9 finalised. | MINORITY REPORT MISSING.— | The report from three Government officers, including former newspaper j editor and censor E. G. Bonney, is marked "secret." Wlhat intrigues observers, however, is the disappear ance of the devastating criticism of E. G. Bonney in a minority report written some weeks ago. How a compromise was reached to make a unanimous "white-washing" report on the eve of Bonney's voyage to America to take charge of the- New York Information Bureau may be re vealed when the three Ministers make their recommendations. Perhaps Arthur Calwell has his officer's report up his sleeve. RUMOURS ABOUT WHEAT Finality on the International Wheat Agreement now awaits arrival of the complete document with full details. Meanwhile, the strongest rumours persist that with this agreement, the Federal Government's use of export clauses in the Constitution is streng thened and the internal stabilisation plan and acquisition no longer wor ries Commerce Minister Reg Pollard! 