... If ("¥jf (S " : Vl ; ' " Life and work of Count Bernadottej 'Xj ASSASSINS BULI.ET ENDS PURSUIT OF PEACE By E. W. TIPPING ,, rpIHE man who tried to stop two wars has been killed ' i;'ky an assassin's bullet in Palestine. Peace was the j : business of Count Folke Bernadotte, who spent his life in pursuit of a greater understanding betWeen men and nations — : a . task in which the nations, even the United Nations, and men, have so far failed. .When . the Swedish "diplomat was sent for in May this year and ' told that h.e had been .'appointed 'j.n. media tor in Palestine, he was , told, in effect: 'Britain has failed. America has failed. U.N. has so far | failed. Now you have a go— make peace between i the Arabs and the Jews." | It was not his first 'assignment as a -mediator in the cause ' of peace'. , A Swede, he j ..was a neutral . in the Second World War, but j lie did outstanding work , for the Red Cross. ' in the spring of 1945 he Hew to Berlin on a Red Cross mis sion.' A few driyi later he flew back with Himmlcr's , offer .of Western capitulation. , He felt," as ho afterwards put It. that he had suddenly becif, dragged Into the vortex —but In the cause of peace. Three years later, when he received Mr Trygve Lie's cable inviting him to go to Pales tine. he felt that the vortex was at work again. On each occasion he .did not hesitate. 'The. unenviable .assignments ' were for peace. A-'-nrnnftonl hlimnniinrlnn. energetic organiser, and .. ' skilled diplomat, history will remember the handsome 'Count as the outstanding " mediator, of his 'day, whose , greatest gift was' an ability .to" inspire confidence in his good faith, ana integrity. ,' More Important than this,, pe/haps, he .had an itch to do "some good In a torn and tousled world. That is why all over the world today biographers will be recalling that, with his two sons. Count Bernadotte was a keen boy scout. He took a keen interest In YMCA affairs all his life. He was born -at Stockholm - on January 2, 1895, the young est son- of PrTnce'Dsdaf Berna dotte, brother of Sweden's King Gustav V and a descen dant of Napolgon's Marshal, who became King of Sweden. In 1928 he became known to Americans when ,h'e married . . the .'daughter of /the Hate H. '.'Edward " MnnY.llle..."US::..,"as- . rfsftoa-Jcfngf" millionaire.,.. , ' M rp HEY lived in Stock- I ; holm, but made \- . frequent trips to the U.S.; where Bernadotte re- s presented Sweden at the 1939- 40 World's- Fair. During -the. war, as vice- chairman of the Swedish Red Cross, he first attracted world attention for his magnificent ' work lrf arranging exchanges ' ef prisoners of war. \-- While 'he was on this work ". he whs bombed 'by both' sides; by the Luftwaffe when he v. as arranging transfers In London, by the RAF' when he was working in Berlin. He was in 'the Swedish legation in Berlin when .'it was ' destroyed by British bombs in the first heavy. Allied raid in November, Early In .1945, he arranged for the transfer- of Danish and 'Norwegian political- prisoners -beidjn German > camps -to a P.O.W camp-supervised by the /Swedish YMCA. It was . while he was. on this work that he first came into contact- with-. Himmler. Ger- man .Commander-in-Chief on ' toe, -home, front. WhTe visiting the Swedish legation's temporary , head- quarters' near Hamburg, in April, 1945; the Count re- 'Ceived .»" message ' that Himmler wished to see him. ? i ' sa' the;' message, was dying- from ' a cerebral haemorrhage.' A meeting was arranged at 1 a.m. on April 24, at Lubcck in North Ger many. The Gestapo chief informed him that the Nazis wanted- to surrender all that was left' of the German armies and of Germany. But they wanted to surrender only to the Ameri cans and British, and not to the dread Russians. RornoHntfo Haw frn holm and gave the message to the American and British legations. Churchill and Truman discussed It by trans-Atlantic telephone and agreed to reject It unless the Nazis gave in unconditionally. Back to Germany flew' Berna dotte. ? ON one of the most important messen ger missions in his tory he made several trips back and forth, from Germany to Stockholm, until the full surrender was arranged. The Count later wrote a book, "The Curtain Falls," about his meetings with Hlmmler and other leaders of the 'Third Reich, In those fateful May days. Hlmmler told the Count that Germany was one great- mad house. Goering was gibbering and playing with toy trains. Hitler, was raving- and dying. He (Himmler) was the only sane man left in the Reich who knew anything about Ger many's affairs. Himmler Was offering his services In the hope that the Allies would guarantee his own life in re turn. Count Bernadotte's devotion to peace was again evident In his pronouncements on. the war crimes trials; ' While he agreed In prin ciple with the theory of de signating war criminals, he did not believe that leading officers should be tried if they were merely doing their duty in following out military com mands. Bernadotte quoted the Ger man intelligence chief as say ing that Hitler was put out of the way with an Injection, 10 days before the surrender. He was then a hunted coward, he said. He claimed that it was ' certain he was murdered, and probably by the in jection. Who actually gave It he couldn't find out. ' ? AFTER the war, he went back to his Red Cross, YMCA and Boy Scout activities in Stockholm. He succeeded his father as chairman . of the Swedish Red Cross, and be came leader of his country's Boy Scouts. When summoned to mediate in Palestine, Bernadotte reck oned his chances of success at about 100 to 1 against. He knew he would' need all his diplomatic skill in his new job, but he felt it his duty to try. For the past four months his white Dakota plane, with red crosses on the wings and fuselage and the words "United Nations" in bold black letters In English and French, has been looked on hopefully as a dove of peace as the elegant Count made his way between Arab and Jewish headquarters. Where others failed he was partially successful In his manipulation of a shaky cease-fire truce. While both sides still talked belligerently, he tried to smooth over ob stacles standing, in the- way of pfeace,.. His worst headache, he announced,' was the question of immigration. Nobody knew better than Bernadotte how great were the difficulties confronting perma nent peace in Palestine. But he was still hopeful up to his death. "Being by nature an optim ist," he remarked recently. "I haven't; become a pessimist." Tall and. handsome. Berna dotte' .was essentially a cos mopolitan': . 'His shaggy. turned- up hats' became famous in Washington and London, as well as the Middle East, as he sped from, capital .to . capital to report his efforts to iron out the feuds .between Jew and Arab. His English and German were equally good, almost without accent. If he had liked he could have sat back and en joyed a luxurious life o.f 'ln- activity. He didn't because he had firm conviction that this gen eration which had survived two world wars might- yet live to see the dawn- of - peace. Some attributed his lifelong devotion to worthy causes to an element of sadness . In his life— the fact that two of his children died, when young. Per haps this sadness served merely to strengthen his resolve to help mankind where he could. It certainly heightened his sympathy for others who were suffering. MfffflFilllllii'i ilflUMWim III)- Count Bernadotte wearing the uniform of the Swedish Red Cross, negotiating with the Israel Foreign . Minister (Moshe Shcrtok 1 , at .Tel Aviv. " W > The late Count at Rhodes, where he had his headquarters, makes -frionds with a Greek refugee child. 