CIO Opposition to Wallace NEW YORK (A.A.P.). - The New York State branch of the Congress of Industrial Organisations has passed a resolu tion repudiating Henry Wallace's candidacy for the Presidency. IN a statement issued yesterday the branch describes Mr. Wal lace's third party movement as a piece of political adventurism which could lead to nothing but disastrous consequencek for all the American people. The State President (Mr. Louis Hollander), in a statement, ap proved by the Executive Board, said that while Mr. Wallace's supporters pretended to speak in the name of Labour it would be an anti-Labour ticket which would only increase the chances of a Republican victory. E ports Exports from the Anglo - American zone of Germany to 65 countries between January and November, 1947, were valued at £48,522,800, including coal worth £27,054,650. Britain, America. Belgium, Hol land, Sweden and Denmark were the chief importers.--B.U.P. -E s The U.S. Government gg announced yesterday that eggless Thursdays are to be dropped from the food conserva tion programme after this week because of the seasonal increase in production. The Director of the programme (Mr James Still well) stated that meatless Tues days would continue because meat was leading the inflationary spiral in food prices. Ch leGra An Egyptian an nouncement says that the source of the recent cholera epidemic, which resulted in more than 10,000 deaths is still not known, but the disease is believed to have been brought from India. Precautions against recurrence of an epidemic in the spring are continuing, and the Government proposes to re inoculate the whole population in the middle of February. 'The Times." O ranges A contract has Sbeen signed in Madrid between a British pur chasing commission and the Spanish Fruit Syndicae for the purchase by Britain of 100,000 tons of Spanish oranges. Ship ments will commence next week -Reuters. Pearls A Singapoie report says that the Aus tralian Government has granted permission for 12 Malays to go to Broome to work as pearl divers. They include the vet eran, Leyman Sirat, who has had 10 years' experience in div ing in Australian waters. Visit Lieut.-Gen. H. C. Roo ertson, Commander-in Chief of the British Common wealth Occupation Forces in Japan, will leave by air on Satur day on a visit to Australia and New Zealand. Mig ran The Minister for Resources (Mr. J. G. Glen said yesterday that Can ada had welcomed about 75,000 new citizens in 1947 and at the ye'ar's end the immigration pace was still accelerating. Drinking More sensible drinking hours in Australia and encouragement of c 'es where a man and his wife could enjoy themselves together as they did in Dermark, was ad vocated by a visiting Danish journalist, Miss Esther Skouboe, at the adult education summer school yesterday. 