P^stWorRecon sfrteiion. NEWS AND VIEWS Wheu' the war ended reestabllsh inent and rehubUtation problems were' 'red hot news uud they received a good deal oC pubic utteutiou. To-day we don't hear much ubout them, but thul is tio reason why they Bhouid be lor gotten. A survey of 1!M7 shows thut 34,77^ men uud women were discharged dur ing the year uud that over twenty six million pounds Were spent during thul period to help ex-servicemen unu \\-u- men -re-establish themselves in civil ian lire. A very high proportion of thosu discharged lust year applied lur iruin ing uiyier the Uomuiouweuith Uecoii structiou Trululug Scheme, uud -jy.So.' men uud women were selected tor (.ruining. 'I hul'lt lltIR Ikl^Mtk *»l*il li.tQIll tit tllu .1... lay iu settling ex-serviceiueu ou the land, but experience utter the 1U14-1J wur proved Una u slow unu sure up proucn to tile problem is belter iu me .long ruu Uiun uuy rushed scueme. lu ilMi ueuriy 'i million acres were ap proved us suliaoe lor laud settlemeui and JunU wus ucquireu ui u cost oi' over oue miltou pounus. Over seven liuudreil ttiousuuu pounds were speut ou me dcveopuieui aud Improvement ol' laud uuu thirty seven thousunu pounds paid us living allowances lu settlers. ' During lust year the lteputriutiou Commission gruuted 5,4413 louus to men uud women selling up small uusiuesses, and aJii to those who were reeslublisli ma themselves in proiesslons. ♦jlrunls uud loans lor tools of trade have been pupulur UeneUts uud iu VJii just under t-u,UW uiipilcuuts received me £10 gruiil uud o\cr i,UUU the Inltr usi free ouu lor this i-uri-oac. In the sume period -Ifiii cxeervicu men received houslug louus irom the Wur Service Humes Division. POPULATING AUSTRALIA. Lately we have read a great deul iu the I'rcss ubuui uiigrunls coming tu Austrulla and the Government's iwllcy us ussisted mlgruilun. It is apparent that the scheme is beginning to really become fully operulive now that wore shipping Is being made available. Ou the 13th April the 'Murlue l'hoeuix' arrived In Sydney with u butch of U.I. migrants, their wives uud children. Aiiij wi uicw uuuu uici uu uit: aiuimi; Phoenix and will settle iu Queensland. This might be the last voyage of the Marine l'hoeuix but it is good to know that two British ships, the Bermuda Monarch ,and the Cumeronlu, are be ing converted by the Commonwealth Government for use as migrant ships. Between them these ships should be uble to bring out about 12,000 British migruuts u year, a large proportion of whom will be ex-servicemen. Former lighting allies aud members of the underground movement who fought against the Axis at any time priur to tbe cessation of hostilities in 1945 will participate iu a uew scheme of assisted passages us migrants It, Australia, the Minister of Immigration (The Hon. A. A. Calwell) announced recenty. The scheme, under which Dutch, Belgian, French, Norwegian an Danish nationals will be eligible for assisted passages, bus been approved by Federal Cabinet. Mr. Calwell said: 'Persons who will benefit under the scheme u're exser vice personel, with their dependants, who served during the recent war In the armed forces or merchant navies or resistance movements of Holland, Belgium, France, Norway and Den murk, subject to the usual immigration requirements and' security checks. Iu May, 1947, Cabinet approved a scheme to provide financial assistance towards the' cost of passages to Aus tralia for the benefit of Umpire and Allied ex-servicemen aud womeu and their dependants. Up to the present time, these benefits have been coufiued to British subjects uud United States citizens. This scheme cuutiuues to operate successfully. The time has now come to extend the scop* of the scheme to Include highly desirable new settlers from other sources us yet practically un tapped. \- The war in Europe has now been over for nearly three years aud unless early uctiou is taken to attract to Australia ex-servicemen of those countries mentioned, they will find other avenues fur their resettlement. Close security screenings will be mude to ensure that only exservice men suitable for settlement in Austral la will be selected. Members of the Free Forces, such us the Free French, w^ll be automatically eligible subject to compliance with all conditions gov erning suitability for settlement. In addition, the Commonwealth Gov ernment Is anxious to pay due tribute to those Indomitable fighters of the underground movements who refused to acknowledge defeut and tied down largo enemy occupation forces when they could 111 be spared. Their, efforts hastened our ultimate victory aud for the purposes of this scheme, proved members' of Uuropeun resistance move ments will be regarded us exservice men. ? Under the scheme the Common wealth Government will contribute up to 40 per cent, of the tourist class fare of £30 sterling towards the cost of the fares ,of adult migrants, aud amounts ranging from 45 to 100 per cent, with a minimum of £17/10/- and u maxi mum of £35) towards the fares' of de pendent children. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. I am an Allied ex-serviceman wish iugto set up my own business. Would 1 be eligible for the business loun grunted to Australian ex-servicemen? Ymj, provided you comply with the usual conditions of eligibility And the business Is not one already fully cat ered for by Australian personnel. Tim Maximum loan umount| for un Allied ex'-servlceman Is £250. 