ggr8888^8 » '.'. . ' . ^'T^^f^1^1'!**'^^ SKA WITH SHIPS r^~ For about 350 years Hie Saxons who had swamped Roman civilisation In Britain toiled with their eight-ox ploughs at the acre-strips in the valleys. Most of them forgot all about the sea and the warships in which their ances tors had crossed it long before. Then once again 'land hunger' filled the North Sea with ships. THIS time the ships belonge- to a people whom the Anglo Baxons sometinTeS~ called 'Danes and sometimes Northmen. 'From the fury of the Northmen, good Lord, deliver ils,' was a sentence added to the litany in the Chris tian churches of the time. These Northmen were, one his torian tells us, 'the wild progeny of wild lands.'' They came from legions like Jutland, where there ?were 'great stretches of heaths, marshes and forests reaching down to the sea,' or from Nor way, where the forests were even thicker and more extensive. The Northmen grew their piti ful little crops of rye and oats on patches of cleared ground in these forests, usually near the sea, so that they could fall back on fish for food when crops failed. them'. Everywhere the sea penetrated far inland, so 'that ship building became one of the chief trades of the Northmen. This art of ship building among the northern peoples enabled the Angles, Jutes and Saxons to in vade Roman Britain. We know what the invaders-' ships were like from one which has been preserved for over 1500 years in a Danish peat moor. This 'Nydam Boat' was on view in the Kiel Museum till 1939. It is reported that this museum was destroyed during the recent war, but luckily the Nydam boat was ?aved. FASTER THAN ROMAN GALLEYS The Nydam boat was 77 feet long and less than 11 feet wide. This means that it was a very fast vessel for those times. It could easily have got away from the clumsy Roman galleys. When driven by its 28 oars it must have been a sight to strike terror into the hearts of the Roman Britons. Thousands of vessels like this Nydam boat must have crossed the North Sea or the English Channel in the years following the departure of tKe' Romans from Britain. Each boat could carry 40 people, although waves must often have broken over the sides and soaked everyone aboard. ? Once settled in Britain these Saxon immigrants went to work at the clearing of the forests and the ploughing of their new farms. For most of them, there was no need to go on building ships and fishing for a living. There were plenty of rich farm lands far in land. But back in their former home lands the art of ship building went on. Each generation improved its ships till at last vessels were being built which no longer shipped the North Sea waves. But the little miserable patches of crop lands still remained in those cold northern regions, and many younger sons grew discon tented with the struggle to grow their food on. them. LARGE FARM HOUSES Historians have found some of the stone foundations of houses built in western Norway at this time, and from them we can see how crowded the little farms were becoming. The houses were like huge barns, evidently built to shelter larger families than the little farm lands could sup port. Towards the year 800 a few bands of these younger sons ven tured out to sea in their long, fast ships now greatly improved from the old Nydam boat of 400 years earlier. These first bands of Northmen visited lands like Britain and Ireland, with rich monasteries. lying unprotected. The Northmen plundered these monasteries and took home rich booty. This set other bands off, bo that whereas the first North men went overseas because of 'land hunger,' the later ones went fo* plunder. By- about the year 850 the' North Sea was alive with the ships of the Northmen. PLUNDER RAIDS In the year 845 one great band went plundering up the River Seine-in- JBiance ? As they went, bands of warriors from the ships roamed inland from the river. 'fThey carried off men and women; they killed; they sacked the monasteries: they burned the churches; they drove off cattle.' They even cut beams from a church to repair one of their ships. Another band with ISO ships rowed around to Spain, where they passed up one river after another, plundering all the Way. For over 200 years this 'fury of the Northmen' continued. Only after the Norman conquest of England in 1066 did jt draw to a close. The Normans themselves were descendants of the wild Northmen, but they had become civilised. ' 