FOR MIGRANTS CANBERRA. Dec. 9: The Minister for Immigration (Mr. Calwell) is seeking the cooperation of the Re turned Servicemen's League in plans to bring out British ex-servicemen as migrants. Mr. Calwell announced this in the House of Representatives today in reply to Mr. Hamilton (C.P.. W.A.). Mr. Hamilton had asked whether it was correct that Mr. Calwell had promised the Legion of Ex-Servicemen in Victoria a special ship to bring migrants to Australia. Mr. Calwell said he had dis cussed the matter with the R.S.L. and he had informed the Legion that he would be glad to do for it what he had done for the R.S.L. The British Government, he continued, had promised 47,000 berths on ships to bring migrants to Aus tralia under the free and assisted scheme. So far, 41,000 nominations had been received. It would be disappointing if only 41,000 berths could be filled. He had addressed the R.S.L. Congress in Brisbane, asking the federal body to adopt the Victorian branch's plan by which each sub-branch through out Australia would be asked to nominate one British ex serviceman. If State branches of returned servicemen's organi sations could get thousajids of nominations he would be only too happy to allot a ship to each branch to bring out 800 or 1,000 migrants. He was also prepared to call each ship an R.SL: ship. RETURN PASSAGES. Later, Mr. Calwell in a reply to Mr. Sheehy (Lab., S.A.) warned Australians who went abroad that they ran the risk of not being able to get a return passage for 12 or 18 months. He said his depart ment had to rely on the good will of shipping companies and of the British Government for berths. There was an arrange ment by which a relatively small number of berths were provided for returning Aus tralians. He could do nothing for the large number of Aus tralians now waiting for pas sages in London, and the High Commissioner could do little for them. In a reply to Mr. Lang (Lang Lab., N.S.W.) Mr. Calwell said that no priority was given to Anglo-Indians over British sub jects wishing to travel to Aus tralia. The general policy on, the admission of persons of non-European origin was that admission would be refused unless they were more than 51 per cent European by birth or descent. To check this it was often necessary to go back eight or ten. generations. In practice, persons who were 75 per cent European were admit ted if they were preponderately European in habits and appear ance. RURAL LABOUR. In a statement to the House later, Mr. Calwell said that so far 8,155 displaced persons had gone into employment. Of these, 2,963 or about 36 per cent had gone to rural work. So far the Commonwealth had allocated displaced person labour only to essential indus tries for which sufficient A;us tralian labour was not offering and to areas where accommo dation could be provided on the job in barracks, huts or tents. During the next 18 months, Australia would be welcoming 100,000 or more of these fine new settlers. It would make more of them available for work in rural areas where ac commodation could be pro vided, without detriment to the accommodation of Austra lians. Any employer in rural industry wishing for the service of European migrants should communicate with the District Employment Officer of the Commonwealth Employment Service in his area. Another important source from which rural labour would be gained was British migra tion. The programme was de signed to provide the man power most needed in the nation's ever-growing economy. Farmers and rural employers could make greater use of new settlers, and the Government was working out plans to pro vide for this. Any farmer or rural employer who wanted British migrant labour had only to apply to his State im migration authority if he was able to guarantee accommoda tion. Two Ships To Sail Soon LONDON, Dec. 9: The Orient liner Ormonde will leave Lon don on December 17 with 1,030 British migrants for Australia. She will be followed on Decem ber 30 by the P. and O. liner Chitral, carrying 750 British migrants, says the Australian Associated Press. A party of 185 Jewish dis placed persons from camps in Germany, Austria and Italy has left Paris to settle in Australia, says Reuters. The British Uni ted Press correspondent in Co penhagen reports that the first Danish emigrant aircraft carry ing 42 emigrants aged between 18 months and 70 years will leave Copenhagen for Sydney on December 18. Replying to a question in Par liament yesterday, the Lord4 Privy Seal (Viscount Addison) revealed that the number of migrants carried to Australia in the first nine months of 1948 was 14,000, and to New Zea land 1,553. He emphasised that these figures related only to Government-arranged passages. Adding those who travelled in dependently, the totals would be 22,600 to Australia and 4,500 to New Zealand. The Secretary of State for Common wealth Relations had estimated in June that the number of mi grants waiting to travel to Aus tralia was 235.000. 