Amsterdam And ; liberation Day j (From a Special Correspondent 3 by arrangement with the Melbourne "Age") i I First impressions of the ( capital of Holland-Am. j fferdam-are very favour- j able. There are canals, i broad avenues and modern * shops. We entered the city j in a bus which had been awaiting us at an airport, t which is being consider- < ably enlarged. 1 New steel hangars rise from cleared debris. Dutch military j police, in British-style battle . dress, are in control. They at- tend to formalities normally s undertaken by immigration c officials, as war- time precau- 2. tions are still rigidly enforced. ; Amsterdam was festive. We . arrived while a Western Union conference was meeting at The< Bague, and the Dutch were 1 \--iv also commemorating Liberation day. War passed Amsterdam with- out doing much material dam- age. Seventeenth century houses in old sections ct: ..ie city still flank cobbled streets along the Keizergracht and Heerengracht canals. Streets are so narrow here that only one person can pass along them i comfortably at a time. Pic-j turesque houses, painted black j and brown, with white window j frames and curiously shaped gables, topped wit» a crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Our attention was directed to sere* gaps among these quaint 17th century buildings. It was explained that during the hard winter of 1945, when part' of Holland had already been liberated by the Allies, Amsterdam suffered from hard shii with the Germans still in control- Coal was unobtain- able, and Amsterdam's inhabi- tant demolished many old houses, utilising the timber for fuel. All over the city there are plain wooden crosses covered with fresh flowers, end at night fires burn constantly at their base. The crosses marked the spot where Dutch resistance workers had been shot during occupation. As it was Libera- tion day, and Amsterdam was. honouring its dead, silent crowds moved from one cross to another, some of the citizens carrying bunches of tulips and hyacinths. Elsewhere in the city the in- habitants were celebrating Streets were garlanded with with flags and orange-coloured bunting. Bright lanterns » il- luminated the canals by night, and each square swarmed with vendors selling ice cream, hot potato chips and muiti-coiourea balloons. Roadside cafes were were crowded, and young people in gay Friesland and Zeeland costumes sang old ballads and executed folk dances on the pavements to the accompani- ment of violins and accordions. We were instructed that if ever we got lost in Amsterdam we should board the first tram and ask for "The Dam", be canse all trams seem to pass there. The Dam is a large, cobbled square, where the Royal Palace and New Church are situated. The Dam Palace was rebuilt in 1808 for Louis Bonaparte, during Napoleon's occupation of "he Low Coun- tries. The ¿lace is. known as the house without a door. Its architect seems to have con- centrated all his imagination on lofty windows, neglecting to design an imposing entrance as well.. It is customary for Dutch sovereigns to remain here for a week each June as the city's guests. All religious ceremonies associated with Dutch corona- tions take place at New Church. The edifice, with its imposing lines and stained glass windows, was first com- pleted in 1410, but has been rebuilt twice since. PALACE ON 13,659 PILES Amsterdam stands on lands, and includes 90 islands, with over 300 bridges spanning its many canals. Its founders sank long piles into the soiL some almost 80 feet deep, to build the city. The Dam Palace rests on 13,659 piles, and Erasmus once mock- ingly called Amsterdam's i inhabitants "rooks living in tree tops." I In the 13th century, Amster- dam was known as the Dam on ¡the Amstil Stream-hence its name-and in the middle 14th century, William IV., .Count of Holland, first granted it civic rights. During the 17th cen- tury, as seat of the wealthy United East India Company, and as a refuge for the per- secuted, Amsterdam grew in importance. Amsterdam is noted for its fine Dutch masters, and many ¿re housed in the Rijks, or State, museum. Rembrandt's exquisite Night Watch, which aroused bitter criticism during the artist's lifetime, has been recently cleaned by art experts. Works by Frans Hals, Van der Hlest and a galaxy' of other I Dutch masters, are at the Rijksmuseum, which is an at- tractive twin-towered, red brick building. Rotterdam is connected to Amsterdam by swift, stream- lined trains which stop at The Hague-known locally as Den naag-aaa at various omer towns. We embarked at Rot- terdam on a Danish vessel bound for Singapore, and the train journey to the port car- ried us through countryside ga: with red, yellow and white tulips, which the Dutch care- fully re^r for -xport. Rotterdam, by comparison with Amsterdam, ls wartorn and dreary. We stayed at the Hotel Central, near the railway station. It is one of the few buildings left standing in the area. But even the Hotel Cen- tral lost a wing in the "blitz". Dutch industry -has cleared Rotterdam's debris, but there are miles of i ey plats where tall buildings once stood. Rotterdam was badly tombed, out trie waterfront nas been repaired and new ware- houses and other large build- ings erected. A few skyscrap- ers, built before the war» es- caped direct hits. They are strikingly modem. But the in- habitants are weary. Accom- modation ls naturally a prob- lem, Dutch food rations unin- teresting and "white" bread a dull brown. But for all their weariness, solid Dutchmen h^ve not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruins a new city is rising, built by grim determination. We saw flags of Holland, Bel- gium and Luxembourg flying alongside each other from many buildings on Liberation Day. There were numerous Belgian tourists visiting Rotterdam, but in contrast to lush Belgium, Holland resembles Mother Hub- bard's cupboard. 