THE PASSING SHOW 41, "Redly Grown-Up Films" LONDON, Dec. 9: British film producers are asking cen sors to create a new "adult" certificate, banning children en tirely from certain films. The request comes from mem bers of the British Film Academy, a cultural group of leading producers, directors and screen writers, and it is being considered by Mr. A. T. Wat kins, secertary of the British Board of Film Censors. The producers complain that the present "A" certificate, allowing children under 16 to attend a cinema with adult escorts, places an unfair onus on the parents and hampers studios' I efforts to make really grown up films. Wanted, An Owner MELBOURNE, Dec. 9: Mr. C. McGeorge, of Balwyn, be friended an aged bay cart horse four weeks ago and he cannot find anyone to take it off his I hands. Since it arrived outside his home on November 20 with bad cutsc on its mouth and near side hind leg-obviously it had been hit by a car--Mr. Mc George, assisted by neighbours, has treated, fed and watered it. Now it has no desire to leave, even if the gate is left open. Mr. McGeorge has asked the I Camberwell ranger to take. it, I but as the horse is in a pad I dock and not running free on the streets, the ranger cannot. I He has been in touch with the COmberwell police, who told I him he could not sell, let loose or shoot the horse because it I was not his property. The So r ciety for the Protection of Ani mals would not take action be cause he was doing the opposite to ill- treating the horse. The horse was wearing a new rug when it arrived at Mr. Mc George's home, so someone must own it-and Mr. Mc George wants to know who that someone is. Sisters' Hitch-Hike DARWIN, Dec. 9: Two sisters, Daphne and Joyce Connell, of Bexley (N.S.W.), who became I sick of city life have arrived at I Darwin on a hitch-hiking tour of Australia. They left Sydney in August and have been four I months on the track, which has taken them into the heart of the outback. Their comment I on life as they found it along p the Northern Territory-Queens land border is: "You've got to pity the animals more than the humans. The station people always seemed to be reasonably comfortable, but we saw thousands of starving, dying stock." The sisters had no trouble in getting lifts along the track. The farthest they had to walk was a few miles in N.S.W. After striking the main north south road at Tennant Creek they got a ride to Darwin on the back of a huge diesel road train limited to a speed of 23 miles an hour for 600 miles. The girls are happy about their trip. They intend to take Jobs at Darwin until after the wet season and then go down to Alice Springs and Adelaide. Quickly Settled COPENHAGEN, Dec. 9: Miss Gudrun Jensen, of Horsens, Jutland, will leave Copenhagen on December 18 in the first Danish immigration plane for Australia to marry a farmer she has never seen. The bride groom, Mr. George Gelsor, of Northcllffe, Western Australia, asked a neighbour who visited Denmark last summer to find him a housekeeper. He found Miss Jensen and, in order to get the immigration formalities settled quickly, Geisor and Miss Jensen agreed--after an ex change of letters-tn marry. B.U.P. Place In The Sun A desire to breed silver foxes in Australia is held by Mr. H. Heggen, a passenger in the steamer Perlm which reached Fremantle yesterday from Great Britain. He intends to investigate climate, the supply of the necessary foodstuffs, and the demand for furs in Austra lia before he makes up his mind to start a farm, but at present he believes that the mountains in the south of New South Wales or in Victoria offer the best opportunities. Mr. Heggen has had about ten years' experience in breed ing silver foxes in Norway and in South Georgia, but lately he has been a bus driver in Man chester. He ilow wants a place in the sun. Lonely Time Ahead LONDON, Dec. 9: A 27-year old Russian, Vladimir Vestamo vitch. is due to sail down the River Severn in a 27ft. welded steel sailing boat on a single handed voyage around the world. His vessel, which he-believes to be the smallest to attempt to cross the Atlantic, weighs less than three tons and can be completely sealed to allow him to sleep on the voyage. Vestamovitch built it in three months while working for a firm of engineers in Worcester. His only knowledge of naviga tion is what he learnt while serving as a fitter-mechanic in the R.A.F. He intends to set out for Buenos Aires with enough canned food to last him four to six months, and hopes to return to England in four or five years.-Reuters. 