Amsterdam And Liberation Day (From a Special Correspondent by arrangement with the Melbourne "Age") First, impressions of the capital of Holland-Am sterdam-are very favour able. There are canals, broad avenues and modern shops. We entered the city in a bus which had been awaiting us at an airport, which is being consider ably enlarged. New steel hangars rise from cleared debris. Dutch military police, In British- style battle dress, are In control. They at tend to formalities normally undertaken by immigration officials, as war-time precau tions are still rigidly enforced. Amsterdam was festive. We .reived while a Western Union conference was meeting at The Hague, and the Dutch were also commemorating Liberation day. War passed Amsterdam with out doing much material dam age. Seventeenth century houses in old sections of .ae city still flank cobbled streets along the Keizergracht and Heerengtacht canals. Streets are so narrow here that only one person can pass along them comfortably at a time. Pic turesque houses, painted black and brown, with white window frames and curiously shaped gables, topped with a crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Our attention was directed to Beret gaps among these quaint 17th century buildings. It was explained that during the hard winter of 1945, when part of Holland had already been liberated by the Allies, Amsterdam suffered from hard- ! ship- with the Germans still in 1 control. Coal was unobtain able, and Amsterdam's inhabi tant- demolished many old houses, utilising the timber for fuel. All over the city there are ' plain wooden crosses covered : with fresh flowers, and at night fires burn constantly at their : base. The crosses marked the spot where Dutch resistance workers had been shot during occupation. As It was Libera- ; tion day, and Amsterdam was honouring its dead, silent : crowds moved from one cross to another, some of the citizens carrying bunches of tulips and : hyacinths. Elsewhere in the city the In- i habitants were celebrating. ] Streets were garlanded with with flags and orange-coloured bunting. Bright lanterns 11- : lumlnated the canals by night, , and each square swarmed with i vendors selling ice cream, hot : potato chips and multi-coloured ! balloons. Roadside cafes were j were crowded, and young people in gay Frlesland and Zeeland ' costumes sang old ballads and j executed folk dances on the j pavements to the accompani- ! ment of violins and accordions. We were Instructed that if ever we got lost in Amsterdam ' we should board the first tram i and ask for "The Dam", be- 1 ca'ise all trams seem to pass < there. The Dam Is a large, 1 cobbled square, where the i Royal Palace and New Church 1 are situated. The Dam Palace 1 was rebuilt In 1808 for Louis 3 Bonaparte, during Napoleon's i occupation of 'he Low Coun- 1 tries. The alace is known as the house without a door. Its j architect seems to have con- ] centra ted all his imagination j on lofty windows, neglecting to j design an imposing entrance as , well.- ] Zt is customary for Dutch , sovereigns to remain here for a - week each June as the city's J guests. All religious ceremonies ' associated with Dutch corona- ! tlona take place at New Church. The edifice, with its ' Imposing lines and stained glass wlndowii, was first com pleted in 1410, but has been rebuilt twice since. PALACE ON 13,659 PILES Amsterdam standi on marsh lands, and Includes M islands, with over 300 bridges spanning tt« many canals. Its founders sank long piles Into the soil, some almost 80 feet deep, to build the city. The Dm j Palace rests on 13,659 piles, ?ad Erasmus once mock- j ingly called Amsterdam's Inhabitants "rooka living in tree lops." In the 13th century, Amster dam was known as the Dam on the Amstil Stream- hence its name-and in the middle 14th century, William IV, Count of Holland, first granted it civic rights. During the 17th cen tury, as seat of the wealthy United East India Company, and as a refuge for the per secuted, Amsterdam grew in! Importance. Amsterdam is noted for Its fine Dutch masters, and many are housed in the Rijfcs, or State, museum. Rembrandt's exquisite Night Watch, which aroused bitter criticism during the artist's lifetime, has been recently cleaned by art experts. Works by Frana Hals, Van der Hlest and a galaxy of other Dutch masters, are at the Rijksmuseum, which 1* an at tractive twin-towered, red brick building. Rotterdam is connected to Amsterdam by swift, stream lined trains which stop at The Hague-known locally as Den Haag-and at various other towns. We embarked at Rot terdam on a Danish vessel bound for Singapore, and the train journey to the port car ried us through countryside ga; with red, yellow and white tulips, which the Dutch care fully recr for report. Rotterdam, by comparison with Amsterdam, Is wartorn and dreary. We stayed at the Hotel Central, near the railway station. It is one of the few buildings left standing in the area. But even the Hotel Cen tral lost a wing in the "blite". Dutch industry has cleared Rotterdam's debris, but there are miles of ? sy plats where tall buildings once stood. Rotterdam was badly bombed, but the waterfront has been repaired and new ware houses and other large build ings erected. A few skyscrap ers, built before the war,, es caped direct hits. They are strikingly modem. But the In habitants are weary. Accom modation is naturally a prob lem, Dutch food rations unin teresting and "white" bread a dull brown. [ But for all their weariness, solid Dutchmen have not given up. Out of Rotterdam's ruin* a new city is rising, built by grim determination. j We saw flags of Holland, Bel- ; glum and Luxembourg flying alongside each other from many buildings on Liberation Day. There were numerous Belgian tourists visiting Rotterdam, but in contrast to lush Belgium, Holland resembles Mother Hub- i bard's cupboard. COPENHAGEN, December 7. -An armless girl and her one legged lover, who are await ing execution for collaboration with Germans, have been granted permission to marry in gaol 