ju Canberra Todaw FROM OUR .COLUMNIST®. IN PARLIAMENT HOUSg TIME GETTING SHORT /PABINETS final meeting before, the Easter holidays noted that the sands of time were moving fast to wards elections, the prices and rents referendum and the necessity, to make new, perhans unnonular, decis- ions about internal securitv and external defence. All Ministers studied a statement of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to making a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1849. More than an hour was spent discussing the International Wheat Agreement its effect upon the Pollard Stabilisa tion Scheme and on wheat elector ates, so often the difference between power and defeat. Apart from decisions about the next Parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet dis cussion, but Prime Minister Ben Chifley smoked several pipes with Federal Secretary of the Labour Party, Pat Kennelly (Victorian M.L.C.) , and other organisers on the prospects of the May 29 referendum. There are grave doubts among Ministers on the result of this re ferendum since the latest public opinion poll showed a falling away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian refer enda become party issues arid the result of May 29 will be interpreted by both sides as shadows or sun shine over their 1949 horoscopes. The Liberals are planning ah in tense campaign and it seems certain that Opposition Leader Bob Menzies will be on tour, arguing against any further powers while the present Government remains, before Parlia ment adjourns in May. As in the 1945 elections, Ben Chif ley will make a shorter tour over a oriexer penuu. . The fact that Communists are agitating so heartily for more rigid price control, trying to steal tiie housewives' thunder, does not cheer Labour Ministers either. Those Min isters. who agreed with the Liberal decision to ban the Communist Party, said this week "but we cant, do it now the Liberals have the initiative." ENERGETIC ARTHUR PREPRESSIBLE Immigration Minister Arthur Calwell broke another long- established precedent this week. Having recently caused eyebrows to rise by making direct contact with British Cabinet Minis ters, without the intervention of the Australia House red tape entangle ments, this energetic Minister issued a statement in his own name after a Cabinet meeting. Such announcements usually come from the Prime Minister; but the energetic Arthur had his state ment ready, about an extension of immigration, before Cabinet made its decision. He was so confident of its adoption that simultaneous re leases were ready in European capi- tals ! ' Calwell quickly won the support of Works Minister Nelson Lemmon and Defence Minister John Ded- man (who immediately followed Arthur's precedent by issuing a de fence statement in his own name). They agreed with his argument that national works involving joint Brit ish Commonwealth strength such as — the rocket range project, ship building, hydro-electric develop ment for defence, industries were impossible without immigrant lab our It was felt that assisted pass ages to Europeans would stimulate British understanding of Australia's sense of urgency in this matter. Nelson Lemmon put this view point to "atomic" scientist Professor Oliphant at a Hotel Canberra re ception the other day. Lemmon promises Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While waiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on mass immigration from the British Isles to the Dominions, this new Cabinet decision means that more Danish, French, Dutch and Norweg ian ships will come to Australia. Shipping companies have assured Australia that the subsidy on pass ages for European immigrants will make it worthwhile visiting Austra lia for cargoes for Europe. The Goy- ernment hopes this competition will also bring more British ships to Australia. Meanwhile, Australians are on their way to the Continent to select immigrants from the long lists in the key capitals. EASTER EGG UHHREE Ministers will spend their Easter holidays with a pungent Easter egg, trying to discover how to give the Australian Broadcasting Commission more revenue — without lifting the listener's licence fee; without allowing advertising on the national stations; without making national broadcasting a burden on consolidated revenue. This year's subsidy to the A.B.C. — apart from licence fees — totals £1,324,000. Postmaster- General Senator Don Cameron, former P.M.G. Senator Bill Ashley (mentally pre-occupied about shipping hold-ups), and Arthur Calwell, former chairman ot the Parliamentary Broadcasting Committee, have been asked by Cab inet to make recommendations from the latest report on A.B.C. adminis tration. Until Cabinet makes a de cision, A.B.C. programmes cannot be improved nor plans for 1947-8-9 finalised. RgPORT MISSING T B YtiE report from, three Govern- ment officers, including former newspaper editor, and censor E. G. Bonney, is marked "secret." What intrigues Canberra observ ers, however, is the disappearance of the devastating criticism of- E. G. Bonney in a minority report written some weeks ago. How a compromise was reached tc make unanimous a "white-washing' report on the eve of Bonney's voy age to America to take charge of the New York Information Bureau maj be revealed when the three Minis ters make their recommendations Perhaps Arthur Calwell has his of ficer's report up his sleeve. WHEAT RUMOURS T/TNALXTY on the International Wheat Agreement now awaits arrival of the complete documenl with full details. Meanwhile, the strongest ruriiour: persist that with this agreement the Federal Government's use of expori clauses in the Constitution i: strengthened and the internal stab ilisation' plan and acquisition nc longer worries Commerce Ministei Reg Pollard 1 