"fo Canberra To-day" Notes and Comments LABOR'S DOUBTS (From Cur Columnist House) Parliament Cabinet's' final meeting before the Easter holidays noted that the sands of time were moving fast towards elections, the prices and rents referendum, and the necessity to make new, |»erhaps unpopular decisions about internal security and external defence. All Ministers studied a statement of Commonwealth finances as a preliminary to making a series of financial concessions between now and the end of 1U4!J. More than an hour was spent in discussing the Internationtl Wheat Agreement, its effect upon the Pollard Stabiand on wheat ils:ltion Scheme elee-1 torates—so often the difference between power and defeat. ' Apart from a decision about the next parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet discussion, but the Prime Minister (Mr. J. B. CliiJley) smoked several pipes with the Federal Secretary of the Labor Party (Mr. l'at Kennelly), who is also a member of the Legislative Council of the Victorian Parliament, and other Labor Party organisers on the prospects of the referendum to be conducted in May. There are grave doubts among Ministers as to the result of this referendum, since the latest public opinipn poll showed a falling away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian referenda become party issues, and the result of May 29th will be interpreted by both sides as shadows or sunshine over their 1!)49 horoscopes. Tlie Liberals are planning an intense campaign, and it seems certain that Opposi- tion Leader Bob Menzies will be 011 tour, arguing against any further powers while tlie present. Government remains, before Parliament adjourns in May. As iu the 194c; elections, lien Chifley will make a shorter tour over a briefer period. The fact that Communists are agitating so heartily for more rigid price control, trying to steal the housewives' thunder, does not cheer Labor Ministers either. Those Ministers who agreed with the Liberal decision to ban the Communist Party said this week— "But we can't do it now the Liberals have the initiative." Energetic Arthur Irrepressible Immigration Minister Arthur Calwell broke another longestablished precedent this week. Having recently caused eyebrows to rise by mailing direct contact with British Cabinet Ministers, without the intervention of rhe Australia House red tape entanglements, this energetic Minister issued a statement in his own name after a Cabinet meeting. Such announcements usually come from the. Prime Minister, but Hie energetic Arthur had his statement about an extension of immigration ready before Cabinet made its decision. He was so ' confident of its adoption that simultane- j ous releases were ready in European ; capitals! ; Calwell quickly won tiie. support of Works Minister Nelsiiji- jLcmmon and Defence Minister .lolip Dedman. the j latter immediately following Arthur's j precedent by issuing a defence state- j ment in his own name. They agreed with his argument that national works involving joint British Commonwealth strength, such as tlie rocket range project. shipbuilding, hydo-elertric development for defence industries, were ini- j possible without immigrant labor. It t was felt that assisted passages to j Europeans would stimulate British understanding of Australia's sense of j urgency in this matter. j Nelson I.emmon put this point ."-i ' "atomic"' scientist Professor Olipliant at a recent Hotel Canberra reception. Lei union promises Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While awaiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on mass j immigration from the British Isles to ; the Dominions, this new Cabinet decision means that more Danish, ! French, Dutch and Norwegian ships : will come to Australia. Shipping companies have assured Australia that the ' subsidy oil passages for European ; immigrants will make it worthwhile ' visiting Australia for cargoes for Europe. The Government hopes tlr-n competition will also bring more British ships to Australia. Meanwhile. Australians are on their way to the continent to select immigrants from the long lists in the key capitals, Ministerial Easter Egg ; j Three Ministers will spend their Easter holidays with a pungent Easfer eg;; trying to discover how to give the Australian Broadcasting Commission more revenue without lifting the listeiiers" license fee: without allowinq I ndvertising on the national stations: wirjln)]t I!lai:;Il;T national broadcasting a burden «ti consolidated revenue. This year's subsidy to the A.B.<".—apart from license fees—totals fn,324.<K»0. . The Postmaster-General (Senator Don Cameron), the former Postmas- ter-General (Senator Bill Ashley), menrally pre-occupied about shipping holdups, and Arthur Calwell, former chairman of the Parliamentary Broadcasting Committee, have been asked by Cabinet to make recommendations from the latest report on A.B.C. administrations. Until Cabinet makes a decision, A.B.C. programmes cannot be improved nor plans for I94S-K) finalised. . Minority Report Missing ' The .report from three Government ^Mieers.including the former newspaper editor and censor (Mr. E. G. Bonney) is marked ."secret.." What intrigues Canberra observers, however, is the disappearance of the devastating criticism of E. <5\. Bonney in a minority report written some weeks ago. How a compromise was reached to make a unanimous "white-washing" report on tlit; eve of Bonne.v's voyage to America to fake charge of the New York information Bureau luay be revealed when the three Ministers make their recommendations. Perhaps Arthur Calwell has his officer's report up his sleeve. Kumars About Wheat Finality on the International Wheat Agreement now await arrival of the complete do-'-uuient with fuU details. Meanwhile, the strongest rumours persist that with this agreement, the Federal Government's use of export classes in tlie constitution is strengthened and the internal stabilisation plan and acquisition no iongfr worries Commerce Minister Re^ Pollard! 