IN BRIEF Opean Grave: The U.S. Army funeral ship Joseph V. Con nolly, recently ravaged by ire, went adrift from a tow line yesterday and sank off Cape Race (Newfoundland). Nobody was aboard. Compulsory Thrift: Under a new Bill aimed at making sav ing a habit all Polish citizens earning over £167 a year must bapk a sum varying from 3 per cent for those earning £187 to 11 per cent for those earning £750 yearly. Boath Paelie: President Tr_ man has signed a joint Con gsional resolution authotis United States membership in the South Pacific Commis sion in accordance with the agreement signed last ebruary in Canberra by AustralK New Zealand, the Netherl France, Britain and the Uni States. Briassiw: Egypt has asked ritain to wi Yugo slav and Polish forces from Egyptian soil by April 30. At present there are about 50,000 non-British troops in Egypt. The Sawr: The British and American Governments have agreed that Saar coal produc tion shall gradually be with drawn from the German coal pool until Prance gets the com plete Saar output of 12,000,000 tons yearly. This removes the last obstacle to the complete economic union of the Saar with Prance. Feoo: The Danish Foreign Office has announced that ship ments of Danish butter and bacon to Britain are to be re muned. The decision would not affect the current Anglo-Dan •ish trade negotiations, which would continue. Danes: Thirty Danes who are due shortly for demobilisation from the British Army have ap plied to take their discharge at Singapore and have the Australian authorities for per mission to emigrate to Austra lia. No Settlement: The .seamen's dispute, which resulted in the boycott of ships trading to and from Queensland was not settled at talks between the federal secretary of the Aus tralian Seamen's Union (Mr. E. V. Elliott) and the Queensland Premier (JMr. Hanlon) in Syd ney yesterday. Tainng Isnmuraunts: A big reception camp for the training of displaced persons from Eu rope on their arrival in Austra lia is to be established at Wood side (South. Australia). The new camp will supplement the Bonegilla camp in Victoria. The Minister for Immigration (Mr. Calwell) said in Canbenhr yes terday that the establishment of the camp had been made necessary because of the Gov ernment's expectations that about 20,000 displaced persons would arrive from Europe this year. Summer Time: British sum mer time will. begin this year on March 14 and end on Oc tober 31. Boys Strike: Sydney's latest strike is by eight city messen- ger boys who have decided to form a union and go on strike today for better conditions and a small wage increase. The or ganiser is Johnny Gottliebsen (14), of Surry Hills, who said that they would picket their employers' office if other boys were engaged. Long-Range Weapons: An inter-departmental committee had been set up to investigate problems associated with pas toral interests in the long range weapons area in South Australia, the Minister for Munitions (Senator Armstrong) announced in Melbourne yes terday. \- Germany: Eight Premiers of west German provinces have reluctantly agreed to collabo rate in the reorganisation of the bi-zonal Economic Coun cil. They said it now gave too much power to the chairman. 