FROM OUR COLUMNIST IN PARLIAMENT HOUSE LABOUR DOUBTS AS TIME RUNS OUT Cabinet1! fin«! meeting before the Emster : holidays noted that tb« 1 sands of time were moving fast to- ward elections, the prices and rents referendum and the necessity tc make new, perhaps unpopular, de- cisions about internal security and external defence. All Minis ten studied a statement of Common- wealth finances ss a preliminary ta nuking a series of financial con- cessions between now and the end of 1949. More than an hour was spent discussing the International Wheat Agreement, its effect upon tho Pollard Stabilisation Scheme and on wheat electorates so often the difference between power and defeat. Apart from decisions about the next Parliamentary recess period, there was no formal Cabinet discus- sion, but the Prime Munster (Mr. J. B. Chifley) smoked several pipes with the Federal secretary of the Labour Party, Mr. Pat Kennell? (Victorian MX.C.) and other organ- isers on the prospects of the May 29 referendum. . . " There are grave - doubts among Ministers at the result of this refer- endum since the latest public opinion poll showed a falling away of earlier support. Unfortunately, Australian referenda become party Issues and the result of May 29 will be interpreted by both sides as shadows or sunhine over there 1949 horoscopes. The Liberals are plan- ning an intense campaign . and it seems certain that Opposition Leader Bob Menzies wm be on tour, arguing against any further powers while the present Government re- mains, before Parliament adjourns I in May. As in the 194» elections Ben Chif- ley will nuke a, shorter tour over * briefer period. Fact that Communists are agitat- ing; so heartily for more rigid price control, trying to «teal the House- wives' thunder, does not cheer La- bour Ministers either. Those Min- isters, who agreed with the . Liberal decision .to ban Use Communist Party, said this week "but we cant do it now the Liberals have the initiative." ENEKGETIC ABTHTTaV Irrepressible IixunJeTstioo Minister Arthur Calwell broke another long established tueçedent this week. Having recently caused eyebrows to rise by making direct contact with British Cabinet Ministers, without the Intervention of the Australia House red tape entanglements, this energetic- Minister Issued a state- ment In his own name after a Cabinet meeting, such announce- ments usually come from the Prime Munster;' but the energetic Arthur had hts statement ready, about an extension of immigration, before Cabinet made tts decision. He was so confident of its adoption that simultaneous relaeses were ready in European rap1*ala ! (Elwell quickly won the support of Works Minister Nelson Lemmon and Defence Minister John Ded- man (who bxmwdiatery followed Arthur's precedent by issuing a dev fence ftaarment m his own name). They agreed with his sjgumex* tba* national works uiruIvtBg Jetât IBritish ConiiBoiiweaHh strength such as the renket range project, rtiphuls-lag, «ad ajdis atetille da» velopment for ' defence ? industries wen impossible without lnunlgrant labour. It was felt, that assisted passages to Europeans would stimu- late British understanding of Aus- tralis's sense of urgency In this matter. Nelson Lemmon put this viewpoint to ..atomic" scientist Professor Oli- phant at a Hotel Canberra recep- tion the other day. Lemmon prom- ises Canberra buildings for this scientist within three years. While awaiting official reaction to the idea of early high level talks on mass Immigration from the British Isles to the Dominions, this new Cabinet decision 'means 'that more Danish,. French, Dutch and Nor- wegian ships will come to Australia. Shipping companies» have assured t Australia that the subsidy on pas- sages for European immigrants will make it worth visiting Aus- tralia for cargoes tor Europe. The ; Government hopes this competition will also bring more British ships to Australis. Meanwhile Aus- tralians are on their way. to th« Continent to select inmigrants from [ the long lists In the key capitals. MINISTERIAL EASTER, EGG. Three Ministers will »pend their Easter holidays, ' with, a pungent Easter Egg trying to discover, how to give the Australian Broadcasting Commission more revenue-without lifting the listeners' licence , fee; without allowing advertising: on the national stations; without -making national broadcasting a burden on Consolidated Revenue. This year's subsidy to the ABC- apart from licence fees-totals £ 1,324,000. Postmaster-General Senator Don Cameron, former P.M.O. Senator Bul Ashley (mentally pre-occupied about . shipping hold-ups) «nd Arthur Calwell former chairman of the Parliamentary Broadcasting Committee have been asked by Cab- inet to make recommendations from the latest report on ABC adminis- tration. Until cabinet makes a de- cision ABC. programme cannot be Improved for plans for 1947-S-B finalised. MINORITY BEPOKX BUSSING. The report from three Govern- ment officers, inrtnHity - former newspaper editor,, and censor E. G. Bonney, ls marked "secret." What Intrigues Canberra obser wi, how- ever, is the dlssppesxanca of the devastating criticism of E. O. Bon- ney , tn a minority report. written some weeks ago. Row a comprottdta was leached to make a- unammous rwhltv-wasbxog" report onl the eve of Bonney's voyage. to .America to take cbarge ot the New York In- formation Bureau'may bs -revealed when the three MtntStrra make their recomiaendettons. Perhape -Arthur Calwell ha* his officer"* jreport up h* sleeve. RUMOURS ABOUT WHEAT. Finality on the mteraaüénal Wheat' Agréassent MW awaits ar- rivai of the ocqplet« doeuinssnVwttb fun detalla, Meanwhile the. strong- est rumours persist that with , this saTtement the federal OovenaaéBt'a . use of esport cianeas tn the Con- stitution fa ebjsa»1fe«ned and «ka toterosJ ataatñsattan pam and aa» aujaNea " a» iaaaarv '""g***^ °0H** ; " 