Starvation Faces The Germans - A well attended lecture was given in the Supper Room of the Town Hall on Wednesday night by Mrs. Margaret Watts, of the Society of Friends (Quakers), who has been working for the British Red Cross Commission in Occupied Germany. She travelled over from Sydney in March, 1945, after working for many years as Welfare Officer of the N.S.W. Society for Crippled Children. Mrs. Watts opened her address by describing the tragedy of Europe as the result of the war with the prevailing fear and mistrust between the eastern and western countries. Quaker relief teams had been working in 14 countries, from France, Belgium and Poland to India and China. The world knew that Quaker relief was given irrespective of politics, creed or class. After every war their workers give voluntary service, and supplies were administered from many sources of church and community efforts. SPECIALISTS Mrs. Watts was Welfare Officer of the relief team which went to Berlin. All were specialists along their own lines--child welfare, educationalists, handcraft workers-with a knowledge of German (some knew French and Russian in addition). A film and lantern slides described vividly the manner in which the relief teams are co-ordinated under the Bri tish Red Cross; each team in its par ticular part of the zone. Save the Children teams, Salvation Army, 12 B.R.C. civilian relief teams and 12 Quaker relief teams. Girl Guides, Church Welfare organisations, Order of St. John - all were co-ordinated under the Council of the Relief of Societies abroad - C.O.B.S.R.A. All supplies came in through the British Red Cross pool to Hamburg, from which the relief teams would bring their trucks and lorries to con vey food and clothing safely to each devastated area. There was no overlaping and every one knew their job. DEVASTATION. Every large city and town in the British Zone had been bombed to satu ration point. The Ruhr and Rhineland were heaps of rubble, town after town destroyed. Under the Potsdam declaration, each of the four great Powers is responsible for its own Zone in Germany. The British Zone has 23,000,000 people whom Britain has to feed. Nearly 3,000,000 are German nationals expelled front their provinces of Silesia, Pomerania and East Prussia which are now under the new administration of Poland and Russia. These refugees are given two hours at the most to pack up and take just what they can carry into Germany. Most are old people, women and children, as the young men are kept for labor. These millions come across the fron- tiers to assembly centres to an over crowded, hungry country where most of the Germans are living in crowded, damp cellar's air-raid shelters and bar racks -a desperate problem. LIFE IN CELLARS. In Hamburg 77,000 live in cellars and tens of thousands in bunkers. In the Ruhr 1,000,000 homes have been com pletely destroyed 89 per cent in Es sen; in Dusseldorf 9000 live in cel lars and 47,000 in homes without win dows or doors. It will take 30 years to clear the streets of Germany if 1000 tons a day of rubble is taken away. Food queues begin at 4 or 6 a.m. - solid crowds rather than queues - and by 10 a.m. the answer frequently given is: There is no bread and no potatoes. The average rations are half the Bri tish rations-2 1/2 ozs fat a month, 1 oz substitute coffee a week, 4 ozs cereals, 1/2 pint skimmed milk (only for children under 6 none for those older), 1 lb rhubarb, 1/2 herring; 2 lbs bread, 4 ozs sugar when available, sometimes 1 lb vegetables. In the Ruhr 800 calories a day has been the ration for months. Key miners get 3000 calories which they share with their families; 2000 calories is the average requirement which is unobtain able. Those with allotments grow vege tables and fruit. Domestic fuel this winter is unob tainable, electric power is turned off eight hours a day -four hours at a time and everyone from the richest to the poorest is desperately hungry. In the winter the temperature this time last year was from 14 degrees to 21 degrees below zero (centigrade). CHILDREN' S WELFARE The Red Cross relief teams provide food for the children and young people for three months. They take various age groups, and the Swiss, Danish, Swedish Red Cross take other age groups. Food runs out, including the British supplies - the same with cloth ing. Good co-operation is built up with the German social services and church groups (Protestant and Catholic), but Britain has not the food and clothing to spare. She is sending tens of thou sands of her own rationed food parcels and her own much needed clothing. She is responsible for the British Zone, under the Potsdam declaration and is bleeding herself dry over this burden. It costs £80,000,000 to £100,000,000 a year for the occupation and feeding Germany. Britain's Civilian Control Commis sion has first rate youth directors, health and educational leaders, co-oper ating with the relief teams, trying to show and teach the meaning of Chris tian democracy. This cannot be ef fectively done without bulk supplies of food and clothing. RUHR DISMANTLED The Ruhr is being dismantled and means of production taken away as re parations owing to the Potsdam treaty. This means that Germany must have the help of Britain and America as she cannot trade for her food supplies. The new Poland has taken 25 per cent of her grain growing districts. Mrs. Watts explained that T.B. is spreading at an alarming rate through out the zone, family after family going down with it. There are only enough beds for 50 per cent of the registered patients. There is not enough fuel, bed linen, warm clothing and blankets. In the cities these necessities are almost completely lacking. Old people just starve and freeze and die of hunger, aedema, aenemia and heart trouble, dropsy, etc. Mothers give their rations to their families. Women are 65 per cent of the nation, men of military age are missing, killed or returning P.O.W., over a million missing in Russia. The British P.O.W.'s bring a stability back to Germany. As a further gesture to Britain, Mrs. Watts asked for bulk supplies of food and clothing to be sent to the B.R.C. in London to be sent from Melbourne. The Occupied European organisation worked with the Society of Friends for this purpose. Cash waw spent in bulk supplies of burgundy coloured Army overcoats, boots and shoes, etc. A national effort is to be made in the near future if permission is given to collect more and more dripping and fat to be scientifically clarified and sent in 44 gallon iron drums to the B.R.C. for use in Britain and to save thousands of lives in stricken Europe. CHILD IMMIGRATION Another scheme proposed by the lec- turer was to bring over some hundreds of young German children who have no one responsible for them - ages two to 10 or 12, to church institutions and then for adoption by Australians to ab sorb the children into Australian life. In Perth, the Presbyterians and Me thodists have already asked for 100 such children and Mr. Calwell is in erested in the scheme. The Mayor (Cr. W. R. Lawrence) thanked Mrs. Watts and promised his support and the use of the Town Hall for any scheme that might be organis ed. In Dimboola the C.W.A. would make a district clothing drive and something of the same might be done in Horsham. The Rev. O. E. Thiele moved a vote of thanks, which was seconded by Rev. J. Fairlie Forrest. There was a collection of £21. 