HOLLAND REBUILDS SHATTERED CITIES (By E.B. — By arrangement with the Melbourne Age) CIRST impressions of the capital of Holland — Amsterdam — ai»l very favourable. There are cana1-, broad avenues andl modern shops. We entered the city in a hui which had beenl awaiting us at an airport, which is being considerably enlarged.! A few steel hangars rise from cleared debris. Dutch military! police, in British-style battle dress, are in control. They attend! io formalities normally undertaken by immigration officials, ml .wartime precautions are still rigidly enforced. I Amsterdam was festive. We arrived while a Western Union conference was meeting at The Hague, and the Dulcli were also commemorating Liberation day. War passed Amsterdam with out doing much material damage. Seventeenth century houses in old sections of the city still flunk cobbled streets along the Keizergracht and Hecrengrachl canals. Streets are so narrow here that only ono person can pass along them, comfortably at a lime. Pictur esque houses, pairtted black and brown with white window frames and curiously shaped gables, lopped wilh a crane and pulley, remain unchanged from Rembrandt's days. Our direction was directed to several gaps among these quaint 17th. century buildings. It was explained that during the hard winter of 1945. when part of Holland had already been liberated by the Allies, Amsterdam suffered manv hard ships with the Germans still in control. Coal was unobtain able. iind Amsterdam's inhabi tants demolished manv old houses, utilising the limber fnj- fuel. Resistance Graves All over the city there are plain wooden crosses covered with fresh Howers. and at night tires barn constantly at their base. The crosses marked the spot where Dutch resis: ance workers had been shot during occupation. As it was L:berat;on day, and Amsterdam was honoring its dead, silent crowds moved from one cross to another, sjmo uf the citi zens carrying bunches of ' tulips and liyacinths. Elsewhere in the city, the inhabitants were celebrating. Streets were garlanded with flags and orange-coloured 1 bunting. Bright lanterns il- I luminatcd the canals by night.) and each square swarmed with vendor* selling ice cream, hot potato chips and rr.uItj-cDloured balloons. Roadside cafes were crowded and young people in gay Fries land and Z?eland rnstuvnpK sang old ballads and executed folk dances 011 the pavements to the accompaniment of violins and accordions We were instructed' that if ever we got lost in Amster dam we should board the first tia.n and ask f-.r 'The Dam,' becausc all trams seem to pass t.n re. The Dam is a large, cobbled square. where the Royal Palr.ce a::d New Church arc situatec. The Dam Palace was reJii:l: in 1808 for Louis Bonaparte, dur'ng Napoleon's occupation or the L.uv Coun tries. The piila:-a is knnun --c the .louse without a door. Its ai chiiect^ seems to have con centrated ail his imagination n: lofty 'cmdoivs. neglecting to design an imposing en trance as well. It is customer/ for Dutch sovereigns to renJ.ain here for a a eek each June as the citv's gjest-. Ail religious cere monies associated \v:th Dutch co: in;.;ions take place at New Church. The edilice. witli its imposing lines and .-Mi'ied glass windows, was lir. i de pleted in 1410. but ha- I --*\i rebuilt twice since. Amsterdam Amsterdam ,vtnnd- -,u ni.n-li lands, and include- 9'* Maunv with over 3fl0 bridge:. suiiiMt.r, its many canals. It- fnun.-.r.^ sank long piles into ihc ? ,,1. some almost tifl fee: c.eep build tnp city. The Dam Pal.vr rests on 13,659 pile.-', and li' mils once mockingly cilM Amsterdam's in:ir.i-;';tii!:. 'X'ooks living in tree :op; In the 13th cenwirv. A -i »c ? terdain was knowr. a- the 011 the Amstil Stream— !ur.iv its name — and in the n:.-ide 14th century, William IV. Count of Holland, first it civic rights. During the lTtn century, as seat of the w. ? u J 1 1 .y United East India C^riii^ny. and as a refuge for ii-r it;. i cuted, Amsterdam urev. .?-??? ! portance. I Amsterdam is noted bn if' I fine Dutch masters, and m m- I are housed in the Kijks 'f Slate, . museum. Rembrandt* exquisite Night Watch, whidi aroussd bitter criticism during I the artist s lifetime, has bent | recently cleaned by art fx* 1 perts. ! Works by Frans Hair. Vj :t der Heist and a ^nlay other'Dutch master.-. n:e ?-«* Rijksmuseum. which is ;it tractive twin-lowered :**i brick building. Rotterdam is oonii.utf^ Amsterdam by swill, stream lined trains which stop The Hague — known locally a- U?: Haag — and at variou towns. We embarked m dam on a Danish vessel for Singapore, and ir.e '-i*-™ journey to the port .arr-f u* through countryside - ?' *fl red, yellow and Ah.:« which the Dutch careM:l- :-?»'* for export. Rotterdam Rotterdam, by with Amsterdam, is w..ro: ;? dreary. We stayed at :.'i' Hytr: Central, near the ra;!'-1^ tion. It is one of the bind ings left standing in *'.t But even the Hotel Cr lost a wing in tl.-- Dutch industry has il-.'-ei Rotterdam's debris, s-.' ? ,,rv are miles of gra.-v ; where tall building StOOd. [m. Rotterdam was ba. !y ? ? '* but the wnterfror.t 'i:i repaired find new v and other large erected. A few skyscrapers, built n« fore the war. escaped dn^1 bits. They are striking!.* rood ?rn. But the inhabitant* iTr weary. Aeeomroodjii01' naturally a problem. I-u^» food rations unintere---'ii. jTlJ 'white' bread a dull i»rn»'- But for al! their — solid Dutchmen have : ' up. Out of Rotterds , s a fine city is rising. ? : grim determination. We saw flags ot Belgium and Luxem.-'^ ' ing alongside each 1 many buildings on 1 -? f : i day. There were nur-: - gan tourists visituv dam, but in comra-t ' 'T * Belgium. Holland rf ittV Mother Hubbard's cl. T 