FINE C.W.A. EXHIBITION AT BURNIE (By "La Donna") . JN opening the handicraft and international exhibition of the Emu Bay Group of the C.W.A. (of which Mrs. J. S. Game, of Wynyard, is group president) in St. George's Parish Hall, Burnie, on Friday, Mrs. A. B. Fenton, of Irishtown, ex-State president of the C.W.A., eulogised the Burnie branch for sponsoring the effort. "In spite of fine old belief that there is nothing new under the sun, Burnie has, as usual, achieved some thing new," Mrs. Fenton declared. f A STAND for handicraft dis-i played articles in great variety,! the work of C.W.A. members who excel in rug-making, brass and pewter work, leather tooling, em broidery, knitting, lace making, glove making, dressmaking, basket work, weaving and other branches of feminine skill. The piece-de resistance of this display was a large patchwork quilt being made by Emu Bay handicraft women. Mosaics of cotton materials of floral, plain, striped and figured effects, each centred with a six sided motif of plain yellow cotton, form the pleasing design. A simi lar quilt was entirely the work of the secretary of the handicraft group (Mrs. M'Kay), of which Mrs. W. Birchenough is president. Then in silken fabrics, a third patchwork quilt, also the work of Burnie members, was assembled ' to form rows of six-petalled flowers among which pieces of sprigged silks, resembling old world chintzes, were worked in very prettily. In the competitive section, wool rugs and Pair Isle knitting were specialties, and frocks by the home dressmaker were commendable ef forts. Very pretty was the fram ed picture of a garden gay, its tiny colorful flowers appliqued from felts of vari-colors. A blossomy pink tree spread its branches over the garden walk, on which a proud peacock strutted. One furnished corner turned back the wheels of time to the Early Victorian era. The chairs were "upholstered in tapestry oí muted coloring, and a stuffed bird under a glass dome ornamented the mantelpiece. Bric-a-brac and pieces of old siler were in keeping with surroundings, and choice pic tures adorned the walls. A teaset of delicate old china graced ar oval table. A praying chair was appliqued in tapestry effect with an angelic figure among golder harps, crowns and flowers on thc dark green background. An inlaid desk at which Miladj wrote many a sentimental billet doux, no doubt; and a mante: drape of heavy black satin, worKec with a handsome design in crewe! embroidery, were quaint features of the Early Victorian room, witt its restful atmosphere of the Long Ago. Victorian posies, twelve in num ber, were made by members anc judged by popular vote. Charm ingly blended flowers includec gentians as blue as a summer sky fringed with lily-of-the-valley, anc set in a silver holder; and frag rant brown wallflowers and mig nonette in a gold holder. Rod gardens numbered seven, and wen arranged with microscopic shrubs plants and flowers, placed amonj rocks, pebbles arid seashells, witl crazy pavements, tiny lakes anc wee figures introduced. An exhibit which attractec great interest was a large glasi . case containing a replica of s wing of Windsor Castle, formée entirely of small polished sea shells. The shells were collectée f by a sea captain, grandfather o: I Dr. G. J. Walker (Wynyard), wh< 1 took them to England, where hil '"Sister made the painstaking model said to be perfectly correct in de tail, with turrets and high clock tower complete. The remarkabl< piece of work is now owned by Bil Walker, of Burnie, great-grea nephew of the maker. FROM OTHER LANDS ' As well as the familiar sight oí English objects of art, New Zea land, Fiji, Norway, Denmark China and India were représentée in the international display Craftsmanship of the Maori race was shown in carvings of intricate design, and in souvenirs anc curios made from the beautifu New Zealand woods and the pau£ shell with its iridescent coloring Fijian grass mats were skilfully plaited, by natives; and their dyec grasses and raffia fashionec typical hula-hula skirts and nove! baskets. The model of a native canoe was complete with paddles. A Norwegian university gradu ate's cap, with long tassel dangling at side, was accompanied by the pottery beer mug which plays its part, in certain celebrations tc mark the student's success. £ hand-carved wooden nut-crackej showed a "face to crack nuts on,' with strong teeth of open mouth ready to close on their prey. £ double black, candlestick anc model of a cauldron for cooking were on display; and a hand carved witchlike figure was i match- striker, with box ofmatchef on stooped back. A rug anc cushion were beautifully hand woven in subdued colors and bel lows and wooden clogs were carvec by hand. A ski-ing jumper in navj arid white displayed a character istic Norwegian pattern, and i snow-wrapped fiord was paintec on a wooden plaque. Brought to Burnie by immi grants from Denmark, pieces oí Royal Danish porcelain, with it! expert finish and shining glaze were outstanding. In an exquisito shade ofgb^saf-floating bowl waf »imply gj^s^^d >%ith a spray ol yii^^WSmmil^to^ voA tm i dragon flies. In the same lovely color, the statuette of a blue-robed shepherdess was tending her grey sheep. White porcelain dishes on slender stems were daintily pat terned in the same distinctive blue, with open-work edges. Silver filigree jewellery was as fine as lace, and a white porcelain figur ine was that of a prim old maid going to church in her Sunday best. A nearby jaunty Danish sailor provided contrast as a character-sketch. Cushion lace demonstrated a delicate art of the country; and, on finest handkerchief linen, em broidery resembling Richelieu work, was shown. Needle- paint embroidery gave in natural colors a grouping of Danish field flowers -scarlet poppies, blue corn flowers and forget-me-nots, white daisies and yellow buttercups which might have been culled from some English field. A doll from the Hedebo district, noted for its exquisite embroidery and needlework, wore the fascinating national dress of its origin. From China had come a mah jongg set in the daintiest of ivors and bamboo pieces, packed in a carved chest; together with inlaic boxes and cabinets; a mother-o' pearl plaque; tea cups and em broidered slippers. On the stand for exhibits fron India were polished bison and ibeî horns; Indian hand-carving, anc baskets woven from coconut fibre A silver filigree locket hung fron a chain of tiny silver coins, and Í bracelet" of rough- surfaced browi nuts was silver-mounted. Gleam ing Indian brass was found in ¡ miniature lamp, a water pot am drinking vessel. Surmounted by a Union Jack treasured heirlooms from Englani brought forth a display of ol china, brass, silver and copper ware, and various other valuabl antiques. A 200-year-old flowe painting was a study in cabbag roses, tulips, pansies and fuchsif A tiny hand-carved chan* was century old, and the délicat . miniature of a lovely woman wit classic features, was a thing ( beauty. 1 Very handsome was a Chine! hand-made cloth of incredibly fir embroidery; and from Belgium hs come originally a valuable "Ol Master" representation of the Ho Mother and Child, surrounded 1 adoring cherubim. MANNEQUIN DISPLAY On a stage decorated with pu and cerise stocks and pastel til : ted lilies, with low bowls of flo> ? wing apple set along the froi , and to appropriate music soft ; played by Mrs. Iris Graham, L mannequin display aroused gre interest. Mrs. W. T. Todd w commentator. Old-world gowns which had a peared at previous C.W.A. efforts it Ulverstone, Devonport, Penguin md Smithton were again paraded 3y Mésdames K. Hardy, Carl Med lin. Ruffels, W. Blight and L. Nicholas, all of Penguin. Miss Margaret Bovill wore a iress of lemon silk striped poplin 140 years old (loaned by Mrs. N. Loane, of Wesley Vaje), with leg D'-mutton sleeves. A buttercup poke bonnet on fair ringlets was matched by the wide sash, and a long-handled sunshade was car-| ried. Mrs. D. Poke (Cooee) showed a 63-year-old gown of claret silk and plush. The tightly-fitted bo dice with its high-boned neckband was trimmed with coffee lace, and matched by a little lace cap. Miss Jean Greig's black and grey striped silk gown, 160 years old, was lace-trim med, and topped with a jet bon net. A silver filigree reticule at the waist was for her spectacles. Mi's. Holmes wore with distinc tion a gown of heavy black silk, and the laced- up boots of its day. The century-old jacket, fussily trimmed with accordian- pleated frills and styling a deep basque, was loaned by Mrs. Winter; and the matching bonnet, also a cen tury old, by Mrs. Lean. Three beautiful Chinese silk shawls, owned by Mi's. West and Miss Bovill, lavishly embroidered in the Oriental way and deeply fringed, made an appearance; and modern bridal array gave variety Mrs. _N. Perkins' (Elliott) gracefu white satin wedding gown, with self-ruching, around the neck anc puffed sleeves, fell into a loni train. The traditional bridal vei and orange blossom were worn, anc a posy of mixed flowers was car ried. Mrs. K. Dick (nee Miss Ra< Cross, of Burnie) wore her bouff' ant white wedding gown of snow: tulle, appliqued with fine lace, se off with sparkling diamente, an< styling a hooped skirt. Whiti camellias caught a tulle veil to he: fair hah*, and delicate pink ca mellias and white lilac were car ried. The little flower girl, Barbar: Gregory, was quaintly dressed ii sprigged white Swiss muslin ove pal? pink, with pink taffeta pan niers and lace mittens, lace-frillei pantaloons were worn below th full skirt, and blue forget-me-not and pink rosebuds trimmed he bonnet. A powdered wig an beauty patches completed the old world picture, and a basket of pin flowers was carried. ! Tall and fair-haired, Miss Pa tricia Wells represented 1948 de butantes in the tiered white lac frock she wore when presente with other young girls, to Lad iBinney, wife of the Governor, a the R.S.L. ball in the Burni Theatre in July. FROM NORWAY The highlight of the mannequi parade was contributed by Mr Marstrand and her young daugi ter, Miss Val. Marstrand, who woi colorful Norwegian costumes wit charm and grace. Mrs. Marstrand's ensemble Wi that of the Hittádal area, with tl little sleeveless red jacket of bole] suggestion, fited over a lonf sleeved white blouse, and a apron-covered and slim-waistc fabric skirt. Gay and beautif embroidery was introduced, tl whole effect being fresh and nh turesque, with a braided head dress swathed on simply-dressed, hair. With tawny-gold hair curling softly to her shoulders. Miss Val. Marstrand was demure and sweet in the peasant attire of Hallwydal, now worn only on special occasiona in her far-away Norway. Fitted over her curls, an adorable little bonnet of hand-embroidery match ed exactly the yoke and hemline of the dark dress of pinafore style, worn with long white sleeves and an embroidered apron. A small Norwegian flag was carried. Brooches of special significance were shown by mother and daugh ter alike, who were enthusiastically received by the gathering. 