Csi u n ° o , , m, © r; mtboLDc CC©[rrD0^Ln]0t£t£©e ii SMIg^ irate d©dti lD-irwe ~ cs- jp'IJL.L. support in the nation-wide drive for nominators of new settlers, recently announced by the Federal I Government, Las been pledged by the Federal Catholic Immigration Committee. Federal Secretary of the Ca tholic committee (Mr, W. Ross) said last weelc: 'I hope to get our Catholic people to do all they can to assist our committee in finding homes for these new settlers from other lands.' 'The need for migration is appar ent to all,' Mr. Ross continued. **I am sure that were Catholics to know of some of the assistance available to nominators we could grreatly increase the number. 'The Federal Government has asked our committee to secure the Interest of Catholic people in this campaign,' he said. Twenty months ago, Mr. Ross added, the people of only one coun try ?were eligible for financial as sistance to emigrate to Australia. To-day people from 10 nations, in Britain, in Europe and Ame rica, were being encouraged to% settle in Australia, with contribu-* tions made towards their fares. Emigrants from the United King dom, war veterans from America, settlers from Ireland, the vast num bers of homeless and displaced per sons scattered throughout Europe, farmers from Holland, orphans from Britain and war-devastated coun tries, members of the Free Forces ?were now all assisted, in varying degrees, to make Australia their home. AH migrants must be acceptable to the Australian Comonwealth au thorities, be medically fit, and other wise suitable for settlement in Aus tralia, he explained. Free Passages Under an agreement made in March, 1947, suitable British men and women who were resident in the British Isles, or were in the United Kingdom forces overseas on September 1, 1938, and who serv ed as full-time members of -4, the armed forces or merchant iiavy, are eligible for free passages. This scheme also applies to their dependants. Assisted pasages are granted to approved migrants and their de pendants normally resident in the United Kingdom, but who do not come within the scope of the 'free-passage' scheme. Under a plan adopted by Federal Cabinet on May 27, 1947, jail Ame rican ex-service personnel 'are eli gible -r financial assistance in immigrating to Australia. Preference, however, is at the moment given those with assured accommodation and occupational opportunities in Australia. Particularly welcome are veter ans who married Australian wives or served in this country during the war. Emigrants from Ireland are, now* also assisted to come to Australia. Previously, only residents of Northern Ireland could obtain the financial benefits. The Australian High Commis sioner in Dublin approves the suit ability of applicants resident in the Ropublic of Ireland. 'Not Insuperable' On November 28, 1947, the Min ister for Immigration (Mr. Cal well) announced that an agreement had been reached between the Commonwealth and the Netherlands Emigration Foundation, backed by the Netherlands Government, ?whereby Netherlands migrants aro required to possoss smaller am ounts of landing monoy than usual ly required by foroign migrants. Members of tho Free Forces who are Dutch, Bolglan, French, Nor wegian and Danish nationals aro also afforded tho bonolltn of assist ed passages. Scrutiny screenings aro mado to ensure that only suitable settlors aro Boloctod. Mr. Ross said that It wan realis ed that accommodation was one of tho biggest problems to ho faced In immigration, but this -.vas not In duporahlo. 'Thoro must bo Catholic people in Australia who can offer some accommodation to those now set tlers whom our country needs,' he said. 'With the full-hearted support of Catholics great things can be ac complished in assisting this Fed eral drive. 'There are Catholics who want to come to Australia; there are also Australian Catholics who are will ing to nominate them. 'Sometimes, however, these latter are not clear as to just what as sistance is available,' he said. 'It would be a great pity if this were to prevent Catholics from as sisting in this great national work, when Information is so easily ob tainable.' Full details of this assistance can be obtained from the nearest Diocesan Migration Office, or from the Federal Catholic Immigration Committee, 150 Elizabeth-street, Sydney. * National Director for Pontifical Mission Aid Societies (Rev. Father A. R. E. Thomas), who recently re ported to an episcopal committee that on a comparative basis Aus tralia leads the wo.-ld in donations for missionary activities. Father Thomas is arranging details of tho Holy Year pilgrimage. 