[?] [?] First article of a series \- By a spccial staff writer; i IN recent weeks I have visited numerous camps and undertakings connected .with those people we are now told to refer to as 'New- Australians.' iUU A.UUVY WHUIXA ± HI & till ? LllOSe 'who were unfortunate enough to be uprooted, by the war, leaving home and country, and thrown loose at various points in Europe, and who have come as migrants to Austra lia. For several years we have called them Displaced Persons. 'D.P's.' was the abbreviated term. But, very rightly, Mr. Calwell, Minister for Immigration, who has been the driving power in local policy, be lieves the time has come when a more personal and less inhuman term is needed. So, he has asked us all to call them New Australians. Some pre fer to refer to them as New Set tlers. Others have yet different names. What we call these people, of course, doesn't really matter — pro- vided 'it is a friendly title. The fact is they are here. Soon they will be Australians. Their children will =tudy, play and work with ours. They will be absorbed into our community. In a sense, we have done a wor thy thing to throw open our doors to selected New Australians. In fact, we have done little more than our duty in justice and charity, as the Pope recently pointed out. Still, we have given these people something. We have given them peace, sanctuary, relief from hor rors they have known for years. Eventually, we will give them citi zenship. nationality, security, free dom, opportunity. They and their children before long will enjoy everything available to us who have been born and ' ied in this country. To repeat, it is good that we have done this, and every Australian can he certain that practically every New Australian is sensitive of that. But — and this is what 1 have been getting nround to — we, our country, have not been on the giv ing end of tho stick all the time. We have boon on the receiving end as well. Wo need thoso people. In fact, our population trends being what they are. wo cannot do without them. We need their numbers. We need « their descendants for generations , to come. Right now, in a did! cult period of post-war adjustment, we , need their labor. We need their ] production. We need them to en sure that Australians are available ( for othor tasks. Tho tlmo may , come when wo will need them to aid ( our defonce. But our need for those people goes deeper than this. Wo need \ thoir culture, their crafts. We can benefit by familiarity with their ' customs, traditions, song, dance. ' We can benefit by thoir oxporl- { ence. Thoy have lived in troubled ' periods and places for years — their ancestors, for centuries. t Thoy have known war, revolution, t barbarism, inhumanity. Thoy have 1 boon hungry, homeless, Stateless, lost, warulorlng, bewllderod. j Thoy can teach us to enjoy and t appreciate poaco, independence, bo- e curity, stability. They can tench . us that this country is worth work- t ing and fighting for. t Thoy can toll us what aro the t outcome of apathy, indifferenco, lazinosH, selfiHhnosB. Most Vital of all, perhaps, thoy 1 can toll us what Communism really »' means. To a man thoy aro antl- c Communist, anti-Soviet Russia. o Thoy don't neod to read books to lenow what Communism or Sovlot * Russia means. ' Thoy liavo suffered « from tliom. Their rolatlvos aro m dead or In slavery — slavery to Com- f pnunism and Russia. J If we listen to them, we can learn enough to strive to defeat Com munism in this country. Australia will probably absorb 200,000 New Australians under the present scheme. At the end of the war there were about 8,00-0,000 D.P.'s in Europe. Of these, about 1,600,000 remain ed when the bulk of them had been repatriated,' largely through the work of U.N.R.U..A. There were also refugees in the Middle East and the Far East. The IJnited Nations Organisation set up the International Refugee Or ganisation to assist those who wished to do so to return to their own countries, or to help others who refused to return to their own countries because of racial, politi cal or religious obligations. ^ATHOLIC organisations in . Europe have ac tively co-operated with I.R.O., including War Relief Ser vices-N.C.W.C., Caritas Internation al, Auxilium Catholicum Interna tionale, Secours Catholique, the Danish Catholic Charities, and the Vatican Migration Bureau. The mandate of I.R.O. ends in 1950, and it is clear that the job will not be ended then. Voluntary bodies last February issued a joint statement saying they will be un able to continue alone If the I.R.O. folds lip in June, 1D50. Australia is not the only country receiving D.P.'s. Others aro Argen tine, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Franco, Netherlands, Morocco, Paraguay, Peru, Tunisia, the Unit ed States and Venezuela. Tho D.P.'s aro from Poland, the Baltic countries (Estonia, Lat via unu jiiiau ania), Ukraine, White Russia, Yugoslavia, llun g a r y , Czecho slovakia, and also Include people marked 'Nansen,' which moans Stateless :-r lacking nationality. It is by arrangoment with I.R.O. that Now Australians are coming hero. Mr. Calwell sigued an agreement on July 21, 1947, in Europo, with the I.R.O. regarding the admission af D.P.'s to Australia. Australia has the full right to select its own New Australians, without discrimination as to race jr religion, from tho hundrods of thousands of D.P.'s living with loor food and ?accommodation in :.R.O. camps in Europo. The Immigration Department es abllshod maclilnory in Europo to -olect Now Australians, and ar. ?ange tliolr transport to Australia. Soloction teams wore appointed, ncluding doctors and administra te officers, who examine the per lonal, occupational and physical luallfications of applicants, screen liom politically, and generally os lmate their worth as now sot lers. Unllko Amorlca, for example, our -ollcy is not to throw our nowly icquirod immigrants on to thoir iwn resources as soon as thoy stop iff tho boat. Thoy aro 'bound' to tho Govorn nont. Thoy- undertake to work on tny duties, manual or otherwise, to viiloh thoy may bo deputed, for tho Irst two yoars of thoir stay in Australia. This, incidentally, is good. I have heard many New Australians commend this aspect of Australian policy. I have heard them say that it was this fact that made them seek selection for Australia, in prefer . ence to countries where they would , be left entirely to their own re sources as soon as they set foot in their new land. Policy is to make it clear to them that they will not be allowed to practise their own avocations, e.g., medicine, the law, &c.; They are told of the housing problem, warn ed that for a few years families will be disturbed, and so on. Whether the would-be migrant is told just how difficult conditions are going to be in Australia, in relation to housing and profes sional opportunities, is a hotlydis cussed subject among New Austra lians. Our officials abroad should be very careful to underline the difficulties awaiting the new set tler here. New Australians are selected, temporarily accommodated in train ing camps under Australian aus pices, and eventually taken on ships for Australia. Their fares are paid by the Australian Government. On arrival in Australia, they are moved, usually by train, to what are called reception centres. In N.S.W., tho oldest reception centre is at Batliurst. A new one has recently been founded at Greta. At tho reception centre, each por. son receives about £15 worth of clothing. Tho Australian un- tjmijloy mon t ullownucu of JC1 week is paid while the New Aus tralians are being 'processed;' £1 is deducted for board and lodg ing, so that our new citizen at this 5 stage will have 6s a week in his - pocket. i At the reception centre, the new 3 Australians are classified into sin- 1 gle men, single women, married couples, and family groups, and i each group is treated in a special 1 way from ? that point on. ] Thoy live in such groups in the convertod army huts that aro their temporary homos. A recoption centre is essontlally an 'in-and-out' place. The recent coal strike complicated the syBtora seriously, bocauso there wore no jobs to which New Australians could bo sent, unemployed (the Government calls tliom 'dlsoniploy- ed') Australians getting prefer ence. But normally only a few wooks should be Bpont in a recoption centre. SINGLE men, single women, bread- winners, and others eligible for work should quickly move out to employment. Dopondonts should be quickly transferred to what Is call ed a holding centro — a similar camp for dopondonts — wives and cliildron, and an od'd oldor person. In N.S.W. tho oldost holding centro Is at Uranquinty, nonr Wagga. A now camp lms latterly boon foundod at Greta. It Is at this stage that perhaps tho most problematical foaturo of all occurs — tho splitting up of families, especially liusbauds and wives. The policy is stated to be that, as the basic bargain between the New Australians and the Go vernment states, husbands may bavft. to_Jaave_ their wives and fa miles to work. The Department states that it tries to place wives near where their husbands are working. This, apparently, is not always practic able, because the jobs to which men are sent are often a long way from a holding centre. Travelling is difficult and expen sive, and undoubtedly our new Aus tralians feel very badly about this point. in some cases, husband and wife receive ac commodation to gether, largely In cases whero thoy are placed in rural emnloy inent. Also, if a husband can find accommodation, provided the De partment is satisfied that no Aus tralian is being deprived of accom modation and that the facilities are reasonablo from the point of view of price and valuo, the Now Aus tralian and his wife and family aro united. This Is liapponing in a surprisingly largo number of casos. Policy is that after two yoars the New Australian is free to go his own way, chose his own employ ment, live where ho wants to. In some cases, tho new citlsen rtay be released from Ills two-year bond oarllor. arious Commonwealth Govern ment Dopartmonts are represented In tho Immigration Contros — tho Immigration Department, tho Com monwealth Employment Service, Work and Housing Department, Commonwealth OUlco of Educatlou (State Education Department In holding centres). Supply Depart ments, Transport Servlco, and Hoalth Department. Tho first group of Now Austra lians arrived at Fromantle on No vember 28, 1947. By tho ond of UiIh year, moro than 100,000 of thorn will have reached here, and a trickle of them will have begun to emerge into tho Australian community. Jndood, that trickle lias alroady comnioncod. So that tho problom or assimilation already confronts us. Tbat 1b why it Is timely to think about our New Australian friends at this stage; to ask ourselves whether we have a sensible and balanced attitude to their presence in. our- midst: to be .certain that we know enough about them to under-, stand why and how they are appear ing among us as fellow-citizens; to be sure that we are ready to greet them with common-sense, toleration, goodwill; above all, to give them what they need mora than anything and what Christiana should be more ready than all others to offer— those simple things, friendship and hospitality. YES, those are the things they need most — friend- ship and hospitality. They yearn for a home of their own, most of all. Many who could barely make themselves understood In English, could tell you what they wanted most — a home. That will come. But In the mean time, most of us Australians have homos. We can ask our Now Australian friends 'home.' We can do our best to rise above tlxe language bar rier. We can let them sit at our hearth, eat at our table, be our guests. Wo can become friends of the New Australians. After all, it should. not be hard for hundreds of thousands of Australian homos to 'adopt' a family of New Austra lians — not to live with them, but to be their friends, to be offered hospitality. Australia to the New Australians will bo as good a place as ordinary little Australians make it seem to ordinary little Polos, or CzocIih, or Estonians or Yugoslavs. The Govern men t has dono a good job in arranging tho migration of our New Australians and helping them make a ntart hi thoir now country. Ilut that Is only tho beginning of tho oompieto Job, Wherever the Government's responsibility ond», there Ih much for tlio private- agou- c-Ioh, the ChurcheH and Individuals to do. AUSTRALIA BOUND. Displaced persons from Europe board tho motorshlp Skaugum at Naples to begin a new life In Australia. 