Seven-hour endurance test for Customs officers 19 NATIONALITIES IN GREEK MIGRANT SHIP CUSTOMS officers had their second endur ance test in two days yesterday, when they had to search the baggage of 750 European migrants who arrived on the Greek ship Cyrenia. On Monday they were five hours checking the belongings of 301 migrants of l8 nationali- ties who disembarked from the Italian ship Toscana. Yesterday the job took them seven hours from the time the ship berthed at noon. And for variety of types, languages, and baggage, the Customs men thought the Cyrenia left the Toscana standing. Cyrenia's officers, however, were disappointed to learn that Toscana had landed passengers of l8 nationalities in Melbourne the day before. They could name only 17 on the Cyrenia Italian, British, Greek, French, "Stateless." Polish. Syrian, Danish, Norwegian, Rumanian, Lebanese, German, Swiss, Aus- trian, Hungarian, Belgian, and An officer of the Travellers'. Aid Society reported last, night, however, that she had assisted an Armenian nurse to obtain a plane booking to Sydney. And immigration authorities reported that there was a quota of more than 100 Maltese, mostly bound for Queensland. This brought the ship's total to 19. Colony of artists Fifteen nuns and 10 priests of various Continental orders were among the passengers. There was also a small colony of Scan- dinavian artists eager to paint the Australian scene. Stringed instruments - whole orchestras of them-were again prominent in the many tons of luggage. One swarthy small boy was tottering under the weight of a harp, and shrieked abuse in an unknown foreign tongue when a red cap porter, laden with suitcases, bumped into him. "After this I'm signing up for music lessons myself," the porter, said. Little contraband Humble peasant chattels were so securely tied and sewn in layers of carpet and hessian that Customs men had difficulty in opening many of them. They found little contraband. "Only the usual few bottles of essences, which the Italians use to flavour wines," a senior officer said. "And cheeses, of course plenty of cheeses. Some ships have been called 'floating pal- aces' or 'floating slums.' This one should be called a 'floating mousetrap.' " Bank staff busy Not only was the Common- wealth Bank "open for business" on the ship, but, as one of its currency exchange staff put it, "it is flat out." The bank ex- perts had to exchange into Aus- tralian currency notes and coins of almost as many origins as there were nationalities among the passengers. Now owned by the Hellenic Mediterranean Line of Pirceus, the 38-year-old Cyrenia was formerly the Union Steamship Co's Tasman passenger ship Maunganui. Passengers gave good reports of the vovage. 