I By . MAURICE CA'RR Liberators and’ the pddplo; thfey liberate’ seldom see eye to ©y©i The same kind of antagonisms and, misunderstand ings which, arose between, Moses and the Children of Israel when they pitched their tbnts in the wilderness are in full play to-day between officials of inmates of the transit camps at Marseilles'where the majority of Israeli-bound immigrants make an enforced halt of days or weeks or months.. These camps serve as indispensr able floodgates controlling the fiw of immigration into ^Israel. Without them, there would be litter chaos. Here, • the streams. of Galut Jewry converging from every point of the compass are dammed; as and when required, the sluices are opened co fill the available shipping-space.. At the same time, an attempt is made to purify the- polluted, waters. The. many., thousands, of men and women who live in the transit camps, however; fail to see. tlfe •excellence of this arrangement. All they know is that they are being treated like paupers in a work house. They are herded together in barracks containing anything up to fifty beds, and > are expected to sweep floors, cook, > and : clean la trines. Cat off from the oiiter world by barbed-wire fences, they must' beg for leave-passes to go into town. One ^ and:alI>they afe regarded ;rs potential! nuisances, who,, if given] the chance; will clutter up the narrow alley; whore ‘the local raeli immigration,: headquarters are tucked away in a typical Marseilles slum- dwelling, , willimportune tfle already; overworked, immigration officials with impossible reques's; anC will overtax the generous French hospitality by making} them* selves, altogether too consplcu’ ?is. But far. worse than ail theSe indigf nlties and the primitive living con dition^.]? fertile urieSsyi: feeling ri/dt thqyare', being f orcibl y detained ; i b a,. no-niahVland , between; the dead past’ and the unborn future!' They are in .purgatory; ,and. volubly uy ■ to argue their way out of it. NOT DISTRESSED The immigration officers** upon 1 whom has fallen the mantle of Moses, are not so easily distressed! ; by the protests of their charges as was the great law- giver. They are highly skilled in the art of turning a deaf ear, on the principle that no answer is the wisest of all answers. But whenever the clamour grows too strong to be ignored, they de liver themselves of a brief hat telling homily. “After waiting two thousand years,” they say, “it won’t hurt you to wait a bit longer . " This remark always has a won derfully soothing effect, not so nwh by virtue of its iron logic as of its acid wit. It brings back nostalgic memories, of the Galut and the ghetto, where Jews were Jews; eternal Outsiders’ taking a< su prmqeiy ironical, detached: view; of all Ithat befell thetar however tragic it.might be; so unlike these hum* ourles® Israelis who are; too pre occupied with, working out their destiny to she; a joke in 'any situation, however funny itmav te. . ,The v reference, to two thousand years;, of- Jewish homelessness also evokes those magic honrs in the :^5aluf when ecstatic orators' ad dressed’ the exiles as lovifig and belqfed brethreh| so different from the;; hrtisque,: niqtter- offfact times in; which immigrants are told to go and5clean out lavatories.' ‘ . Tyne, every week, or even twk e a vfeek». the camp inmates aro in vited, , into' the bate assembly hall tolfeten to lectures:; but these are -:poor, uninspiring stuff. The; speaker usually takes it upon himself! to lay down the law, but his command ments are as petty as is his plat form compared with Mount Sinai. He exhorts his listeners to demist from daubing ahd engraving their names, adorned with the Shield of Etavid, on air the walls of the iro.mp. “Too make the whole place lo-k like n cemetery filled with tomb -stones,7 he says scornfully. But ;.#e:..iihjfligraiits will persist in this, their favourite pastime, for it heirs ;t# remind them that they are still individuals with an identity of their Wyn, and the Shield of David Is visual evidence that they reallv are on toe way to Israel. PLEA FOR COMMUNAL RESPONSIBILITY . After; the; routine sermon on the ' imperative need for discipline comes the tOiitine. plea for. a new sense of :<^rhtounal: responsibility. Occa siwaJly; there is a rumble of thunder from the dais over some ffertiOffiafly'outrageous^ behavfoiir: fofltigtonce, one' immigrant; before ;leaying the camp, ripped up the coarse sackcloth of a pallet to e fpair a bag, and others, raided a Jnear-by orchard, wantonly breaking off twigs in blossom, ' None of this talk is taken very seriously, it seems ; yet. it Is not long before; the immigrants yield- to the constant insinuations that, tbey are warped creatures of the Galut, unworthy of Israel, even though they will be admitted , and tolerated there. With an oddly dispassionate shrug of the shoulders they fre quently tell one another: “Israel has no use for the likes of us. They don’t want our generation, and are only waiting for us to die out. They want the children. Our children will ! be . all right. That’s how it is . . j; For. orphans and other unaccom-1 panied children there is a special! [transit camp on the Marsedlesi waterfront — a magnificent, if now! somewhat dilapidated villa built1 originally for a loose but lovely! .(■French actress by her: royal iov,er.; Here every conceivable; care and devotion is lavished' oh ; the cmild-* rein, who come from . all. parrs of Europe and North Africa; Some have only- recently, been plucked from monasteries which saved them from. the Nazi ester1 mination camps, and, where ,; they wrerfei being brought.. up as. Christ iahs; Others, who survive*! the late World War. by* roaming. the. forests like little, wild, animals, are still abnormal, cowering before strangers, looking upon alFhiira&h; beings, as their s natural enemies,, pilfering. dthersHfdOd and1, qfdckly gobbling down their own before" it can be stolen from them- . . . j J’ TORN FROM RALLIES i The North African children; mainly froth the foul mellahs ..f Morocco, have, been tbrn away froiri their families wi th their .parents’ consent. On arrival they are stripped. Their Old' clothes are burned. They are bathed and- bathed again until they are free of vermin. Sexually mature at the age of 12 or lS, many are already addicted to the perversions rathpant in five Arab world.- ! All these children are as hungry for learning as they are for food; but when their appetite for lessons declines and they prefer to play 'ball , instead,- they are well on the way to ‘ recovering their spiritual i health and are accordingly shipped tp Israel, to be grafted on the most vigorous and wholesome part of the community, the kibbutzim. At Le Girand Arenas in the'rocky hills outside Marseilles, a huge compound of concrete barracks —r occupied at one tiine by the French Foreign Legion, and then in quick succession byj Italian; German, American; and; British* invaders ! is today, glyen over. to>J some 2,000 North African Jews, mainly fam ilies Of several generations with .great hordes’ of small children. [Here they are kept for six months 'and more, if need be, until their I contagious inellah diseases— tra choma, ringworm, T.B., endemic V;D.,. and other iljs , -— are cared, or at' least sterilised. They are fretting their hearts out at this unexpected delay on the. road to the Promised Land* and have to be chased into the camp clinic for the [prescribed intensive course of medical treatment. At the camp, hospital, installed in a noble country house, the cots are tilled with freakish-looking child ren, whose mothers sit or squat on the floor and weep when their in fants die, and then .go away to bear more babies. The camp commandant, a youth ful Sabra, who appeared to me to be on tlie verge of a nervous break down and who would certainlv be far happier fighting Arabs than struggling against the Arab sloth of these mellah Jews, has made a valiant attempt to organise his temporary village on a semi per manent basis. The youthful popu lation has been segregated and is daily given physical drill. INMATES’ POLICE FORCE [, An; autonomous police force has been recruited from among the inmates, .and every how and then a Mfife^beijifei? or k imife-puller Is sent toprlsom for a-night lii a chamber < where there is not even a mattress r pri 'the floor1.' -There is a well-equip ped eommuhal kitchen, c but the food^ is poor, because the Camp' cooks; are so laky that they boil fish in vegetable soup until only the boneb remain. Breaking all rules,; some: families contrive .to cook their own food over Primus stoves in the barracks. ; , ; j A much-travelled yoflng: Jew from Casablanca, a truly inaguifi ceiit specimen of oriental" manhood, who'could easily go on the stage-of any Grand Opera as a<: swashbuckl ing pirate or bandit 1n fhfe grand old romantic style without having to put on a dab of greasepaint* has been entrusted With the herculean task of ensuring tidiness- in the camp. For an hour at a time he will stand motionless' against a wall* like a lizard in the sun, and sud denly will pounce , upon a bar tack, shrilly blowing his whistle* and storming in guttural Arabic ait his compatriots for their negligence and messiness. They will listen to him, without stirring, and then, he will go away and stand In the suu again. ; He feels that,; even with- his whistle, he is powerless to i cope with the situation, and! darkly threatens fo go« back; to; Casablanca in sheer disgust... ! MEN POSE AS JEWS , European JeWd, who usually ar rive with; a; clekn bill of: health, may: be, ip and", but of the transit! «nnps y in 1 a matter of weeks, on event t|aya, if they ; hire* liicky* Non/* andragaip, doubtful. ’ cases are" dfe-f taihed: war' criminal suspects} men who . have abandoned tfteif wiy& atid* thildrenund are tiding io1,- smuggle German mistresses throbglh or’ “Atyaiis”' posing' as I Jews;; •" ■> :r;:r v | I; fh several camps blonde1 fraup ielhs are working as; clerks or nurr ses*; while investigations are made .as to how they managed to join ;Jewish D.P. convdys. " These girls 'invariably clhim tbi he ic&: Danish, not German origin, and confidently: rely on their seductive curves tb earn them admission' toy Israel, •;. Alt- the? unreality.; of life in A transit,. camp, vanishes.' likO. the ihe^ mofy of a bad .dfeain when the immigrants, or some of them* afe told1 to get ready: for sailing; within 24 hours; I. accompanied, one coh yoy from St. Chiamas to the • port At three o’clock in the1 morning the .immigrants were tumbled out of bed, to help load on to a long line of lorries all their heavy luggage, which was to be stowed, in the bold ■of the ship, After that, they tried, in vain, to go back to sleep again. After' breakfast, they sat around in large groups, exchanging, remi niscences; and, weaving vague world pictures of the future; Mainly Po lish Jews* .they remembered , the ghettoes, the concentration camps, the way Germans tore live Jewish babies to pieces and flung the halves away;;, they mentioned; with out a tear or* a\ sighy their mprdei^d fathers.! and;;mothers*;> add: dead writes 'and* dead children, andmade remarks-about theifci new wives- and new children; Those who had spent the war years in’ Russia told strange tales of Jews in Siberia indistinguishable from Mongols; They related how they had fought with the partisans in the forests;; how they had farqd in the Dip. camps of Germany. A Jew from Sweden depicted the exalted standard of: living of ja mere labourer there;; He wanted Israel1 to' become a second Swedeh, prosperous, scrupulously clean; and peopled by phlegmatic Jews. His hearers disagreed with him. ; “We’ll put up skyscrapers, and build. Israel, up in a second Ameri ca” 1 someone ? declared* • and there was a grunted chorus of assent: A long line of lorries drove into the camp. The immigrants* men, women and children, piled- in with their hand-luggage. Only one im migrant who was left behind seemed happy. The day before, his wife had given premature birth to a son, who he had decided to name Jacob Marseille Loeffler—Jacob in memory of a brother killed in Aus chwitz, and Marseille in honour of the birth-place of the ‘Marseillaise.’ The lorries moved off, a tangle of legs and a tangle of voices lustily chanting Yiddish, Polish, and Russian songs. Frenchmen passing by, first in the countryside and then in the crowded streets of Marseilles turned their heads In wonderment. But the immigrants were uncon cerned. Little did they care what the* Gentiles might think; of. them. They were going to a land' where, Colne what may* they would never more hear themselves ' reproached, abused, and scorned with the1 wdrd 