REFUGEES HAVE OWN CHOICE-HOT FORCED LONDON, October 26. — Reuter's Berlin repre sentative says Major General F. G. Callaghan, head of the Australian Military Mission in Berlin e\id to-night that displaced persons in camps in Denmark are being given a chance to go to Australia if they applied to go there, and if they measured up to the requirements laid down by the Australian Government. Charges that we are forcing uny cne to go lo Australia are non sense. My tesnu are fully occu pied merely interviewing appli cants whu have applied to go I there.' ; He declined lo cunmicnt on ix*- ' port* that the Dane? had threaten ed to witudraw work permits from I displ.-ieru peiiuns who wiiuld not i «o lo AuMrnliu. U-NI-ON. OiIuI.it 20 Itriilcr'i. ; Australia wnv free to travel tn fheii own homeland if Ihej had wished that. An official Danish statement dc elated to-night '.'very refugee ha.15 , individually beun asked to state his preferences as to what coun try he would like to go to. Some i BOO expressed tile wish to go lo Australia and the I.R.O. thcieior? arranged the opportunity to; them to see the Australian Immi gration Commission. Danish authorities neithei ir pi-opagandfi amnnp iclupre* in Denmark. Refupe ramps m' open to all who wish In visit them Thi.'. light uf lice entiy is U.ved hy Soviet iTprcsentativep who often give lectures and show films in ? refugee camps and who are'.flh .solutcly free to speak with lefugees. While tiic AJstralian Commission was in the camps the Soviet re presentatives were asked to post pone their visits for a tew days hut the representatives paid a visit lo one of the camitt while Ul. Cummiwn u,:.s tlinv. Thf chiii ul I hi- '.rt.O M IS' inn In U-iih.jiIi lien Amue. who al tcniln! ii ini-elinr m Hit- Danisii lureign oftke alle, which the otti 1 ci.il Danish stutenirnt trai issued, said to-night u total of 5 IS rclugees in Copenhagen were leav-- ing thii munlh for Australia. Oilgiiinlly the Auap-alion Commis sion had' agreed to take 567 but siw wele not ready to leave be When the main body left Vhori lert behind would be able to go Ictci if they .still wished f.fk'ti ic.. comment on statements In iT:«twi still in Copenhagen il-al indireet methods of oornpul siou were li^ed. Hell Aaroe uid, 1 People mho do nut \oluntccr for Ihe fianie as thopp who do. It ix n condition of our work that prnple use opportunities when they fire available. 