U.N. To Debate Trials Of Church Leaders In Europe I NEW YORK: The United Nations G'cncral Assembly yesterday ap proved of the inclusion in its agenda of the trials of the Hun garian Cardinal Mindszenty and the Bulgarian Protestant Church leaders. Thirty voted In favour and seven against, while 20 abstained from voting. The Russia, Byelo-Russian, Polish, Czech, and Yugoslav dele gates denied the right of the United Nations to consider the trials. . "Australia, Bolivia, and the United States, while hypocritically referring to the support, of funda mental rights, are attempting to take under their wing Hungarian and Bulgarian criminals who were chosen to betray their countries," Alexander Panyushk\n, Russian Ambassador to the United States, said. "They are trying to push the United Nations on the road of the defence of crime and connivance In treachery, thus furthering, the neglect of human rights and-fun damental freedoms." Kuzma Kisselev (Byelo-Russia) said behind the present proposal were "the designs of reactionary circles in the United States and the United Kingdom, who obviously want to please the Vatican and also want to encourage anti- Soviet and anti-democratic propaganda being conducted in unbridled fashion in the Press of. those countries." ■ Dr Houdek (Czechoslovakia) said discussion of the trials would be Interference In the .domestic affairs of Hungary and Bulgaria. Jan Drohojowskl (Poland) op--| posed any,.United,Nations action. He asked: "Who.Is coming,,to: the rescue of' alleged' violators of human rights in Hungary. -From the antipodes conies /Australia,- a country whose! original immigrants nttrely exterminated have almost entirely the aborigines. As . a matter • of fact, Australia seems to cpnslder the remaining aborigines as zoor logical specimens." . ' . M. Drohojowski quoted' from the World Almanac of 1040 to. the ef fect that the aborigines of north ern Australia were "themost; primitive of all peoples, ontirely nomadic, making fire with .sticks, throwing boomerangs,.'killing game with spears." M. Drohojowski asked: "May I remind you that Australia has been settled, since 1788. Further more, some arrests in' Australia, and especially the arrest of lab our and trade union leaders, could also be brought to the. attention of the Assembly In order' to- find out whether a charge of sedition is not a violation of human rights." Mr Norman Makin (Australia) said the General Assembly . had undoubted jurisdiction in the MIndszenty case., :The Australian delegation' would take the oppor tunity in the committee'stage: to examine the facts"" of the case fully. ... ■ , ' M. Eduardo Matienzo', (Bolivia) said the United nations could not remain deaf, blind and, dumb in the matter; Denmark, Iceland, Tforway * and Sweden indicated they were not in favour of discussing the trials, and that they would abstain from vot ing., . Gustav Rasmussen, Danish For eign Minister, ■ speaking, on behalf of all four ■'countries," said:' the tr'ah ■ had occasioned great con cern in northern countries as else where. Their Governments'' had considered the: arguments on the sublect, but did "not think they should enter the discussion. The four Governments . believed, the matter first should be treated as a subject under the peace treaties. 