[?] Betty, Glanville, a Sydney nurse, is using a horse to complete the liast stage of a three- year tour of Australia; A4(? /xifnli-PirivkFf; All liflU, cuiCJ. quaiujme ava a sister's certificate, Betty flew to Brisbane, worked for 10 months on a Hereford stiid farm, then flew to Cloncurry. She travelled by truck to Mt. Isa and Darwin, and has now reached Renmark on the horse which she bought in Adelaide. She will ricie." to Sydney un accompanied. Veteran passes A man who has made mil lions of us laugh died in the charity ward of a California hospital yesterday. He was George Moran, 67, of the vaudeville team of Moran and Mack — known throughout the world as the Two Black Crows. Moran had lived in a cheap hotel since the death of his partner in 1934, was still calling at booking agen cies until a few weeks back. . New look The Governor-General (Mr. McKell) had an unusual, even embarrassing, experience, at Porty Moresby. Forty native Girl Guides paraded before him wearing colored grass skirts — and nothing else. Their uniforms hadn't ar rived, but they were quite determined to march just the same. Man overboard George Saddic, a discharged GI, really went to town while Kkmrr vnrvo fri Q fori frnTYl Swia aboard" the liner Italia. He tossed . overboard 10 potted palms, followed by 10 fire hoses, two fire extin guishers, a dozen ashtrays a n d. finally. himself. George is now rest ing comfortably in a New York mental hospital. Wood saniaritan It's pleasant to record . an act of kindness in these coal- dark days. Mrs. Marie Duff, of Lithgow, is 79. Her only companion in the tiny house is a black dog. Like so many others, the old lady's coal stocks ran out — she had no where to turn for warmth. At the weekend somebody dropped a load of wood into her back yard. True at last A shellproof tomb is being prepared on a hill west of Jerusalem for the remains of Theodor Herzl, founder of modern Zionism. He died in Vienna in 1904, and will be re-interred next week in ac cordance with his wish to be buried in Palestine when his dream of a Jewish State was realised. Fine idea Lee Ging, a retired Mel bourne merchant, was fined £10 in the City Court today for having possessed opium. Behind that lies a tale. The Court was told that Lee felt a moral obligation to fine him self 2/- every time he went for the pipe. The "fines," to talling £20, had been sent to Royal Melbourne Hospital. Lee had a receipt to prove it. Jellied (Cracksmen who broke into the office of the Wdllongong Showground Trust last night got a bit too enthusiastic with the gelignite. The safe door was blown through the roof. The haul must have been a little disappointing, too. It comprised £7/12/-, a revolver and a stopwatch. Unwarranted They're mighty short of gendarmes up Alice Springs way. Two constables return- ing from patrol on Sat urday night, found a drunk \- asleep in the deserted police station. -Later, back from another job, they discover ed a stranger in the station yard. He'd come to visit some mates in the cells, found the office empty, and simply walked through. . Back he goes Janis Ositis, Latvian sea man, jumped his ship in Mel bourne last April. Charged in the City Court today with being a prohibited immigrant, Janis pleaded desperately to be allowed to stay. "I'm no criminal man, no bandit. Please mister, help me stop in Australia, I want to work here," he sobbed. Three months' gaol, pending depor tation. Fidocide Turin police have accused a 74-year-old peasant of kill ing 300 dogs with a big stick, eating the meat, and selling the skins. Police say dozens of cats were also on the old man's menu. Born punter Here's a combination of the baby-born-in-taxi and baby- born-in-boat motifs. Trying to reach a Staten Island hos pital. yesterday, Mrs. Esther Eihbinder took a cab. The cab boarded the punt from Manhattan. But the baby beat them to it. A doctor-passen ger on the punt delivered Mrs. Einbinder. of a 7 lb girl. For posterity Copenhagen tells us that a Danish company has been given an order for a refrigera tor to contain the bodv of the late Bulgarian Premier, Georgi Dimitrov. When DimitYov was embalmed in Sofia, it Was announced that his body would be kept for posterity. A refrigerator is the best f :ans of maintain ing constant temperature. Off target Doctors and students from St. Thomas' Hospital, dressed as ancient Britons and armed with bags of flour and bad tomatoes, set out by whale- boat to repel the Danish "in vaders," as the latter rowed up' the Thames yesterday. Police launches headed them off, but not before the "ammu nition" had been thrown. . No casualties. 