REFUGEES NOT FORCED TO GO TO AUSTRALIA GENEVA, October 26. — A spokesman of the International Refugee Organisation yesterday denied reports that the I.R.O. and Danish authori ties were forcing Soviet citizens to go to Australia. "There is absolutely no truth in the report," he said. "It Is not the organisation's policy to force anyone to do anything. "A refugee can either be re patriated or resettled. We are the organisation through which either of these courses can be carried out, but the choice remains al ways with the individual con cerned." FREEDOM COPENHAGEN, October 26. — Refugees who have now left for Australia were free to travel to their own homeland If they had wished that, an official Danish statement declared last night. "Every refugee has individually been asked to state his prefer ences as to what countnr he would like to go to. Some 800 expressed a wish to go to Australia and the I.R.O. therefore arranged an op portunity for them to see the Australian Immigration Commis sion. "The Danish authorities neither restrict nor encourage anti-Soviet propaganda among refugees in Denmark. Refugee camps are open to all who wish to visit them. "This right of free entry is used by Soviet representatives, who often give lectures and show films In refugee camps, and who are absolutely free to speak with re fugees." FOR AUSTRALIA The chief of the I.R.O. mission in Denmark (Herr Aaroe), who attended a meeting at the Dan ish Foreign Office, after which the official Danish statement was Issued, said last night a total of 513 refugees in Copenhagen were leaving this month for Australia. Originally the Australian com mission had agreed to take 567, but some were not ready to leave because of various commitments when the main body left. Those left behind would be able to go later if they still wished. Asked to comment on a states ment by refugees still In Copen hagen that indirect methods of compulsion were used, Herr Aaroe said: "People who do not' volun teer for movement are not treated Suite the same as those who do. t Is a condition of our work that people -use opportunities when they are available." NONSENSE BERLIN, October 26. — Major General F. G. Calleghan, head of the Australian military mission in Berlin, said last night that dis placed persons in camps in Den mark are being given a chance to go to Australia if they applied to go there, and if they measured up to the requirements laid down by the Australian Government. "Charges that we are forcing anyone to go to Australia are nonsense. My teams are fully oc cupied merely interviewing appli cants who have applied to go there." He -declined to comment on re ports that Danes had threatened to withdraw work permits from D.P.'s who would not go to Aus tralia. 