Efjjpy House to the Promised Laud i By MAURICE CARR I. tue people they liberate seldom see eye P/ators aniMnr! of antagonisms'and misunderstand fl!9sarnebetween Moses and the Children of Israel icii^H^heir tents in the wilderness are in full isy Pitc*hein officials of inmate? of the transit ;Mbetw.,L where the majority of Israeli-bound {^ars8,,ie enforced halt of days or weeks or Its make an ar, id all they are regarded -is nuisances, who, if " J will clutter up the £ where the local «s Ination headquarters are Jin a typical Marshes jug, will importune toe overworked immigrat-on fjtii impossible requests, overtax the generous vitality by making rkem ogether too conspicu'ns. orse tlian all these incog- j the primitive living con-1 the uneasy feeling rhat ieing forcibly detainerl m s-land between the 'lead! the unborn future. They rgatory, and volubly Ny heir way out of it. DISTRESSED immigration officers, upon has fallen the mantle of are not so easily distressed protests of their charges as great law-giver. They are tilled in the art of turning jit, on the principle that no is the wisest of all answers, ienever the clamour grows tig to be ignored, they de taselves of a brief hat homily. “After waiting two 1 years,” they say, “it won't e tc wait a bit longer . ■ remark always has a won toothing effect, not so mu'-b B of its iron logic as of its t It brings back uosta’gic s of the Galut and the : where Jews were Jews; outsiders taking a su . ironical, detached view of befell them, however tragic t be; so unlike these Invn Israelis who are too nre 1 with working out their ffinj to see a joke in ar:y s, however funny it may ' e. reference to two thousand Newish homelessness also to magic hours in fne pen ecstatic orators au ftbe exiles as loving and brethren; so different fr-.;u ®®e, matter-of-fact tones l immigrants are told to go 1? out lavatories, emry week, or even twhe ,, j,ca’nP inmates are in “e bare assembly h-u »lectures; but these are [stuff. The speaker ases it upon himself to the law, but his comma^i £** Petty as is his nM Sfh,^ Mount Sinai. * "l8 listeners to desist iWn mengr:lvinJ their feS Wth the Shield of S2fwaHfuf the ..romp. ®2eterv S° e p.Ulce l0‘ k ’V?Lf ed Wlth torab fees wii,SCOrnful,y- Bllt ■ perslst in tl»s, Us with they aro still 3d' the K]eiltity of their iC il? , »f 0»vW is •V'to Israel ey real:'m leaving the camp, ripped up the coarse sackcloth of a pallet to -im pair a bag, and others raided a near-by orchard, wantonly breaking off twigs in blossom. None of this talk is taken very seriously, it seems; yet it Is not long before the immigrants yield to the constant insinuations that they are warped creatures of the Galut, unworthy of Israel, even though [ they will be admitted and tolerated ! there. With an oddly dispassionate ! shrug of the shoulders they fre quently tell one another: “Israel j has no use for the likes of us. They | don’t want our generation, and are only waiting for us to die out. They want the children. Our children .vill be all right. That’s how it is . . ” For orphans and other unaccom panied children there is a special transit camp on' the Marseilles waterfront — a magnificent, if now somewhat dilapidated villa built originally for a loose but lovely French actress by her royal luver. Here every conceivable care and devotion is lavished on the child ren, who come from all parrs of Europe and North Africa. Some have only recently been plucked from monasteries which saved them from the Nazi exter mination camps, and where they were boing brought up as Christ ians. Others, who survived the late World War by roaming the I forests like little wild animals are still abnormal, cowering before strangers, looking upon all human beings as their natural enemies, pilfering others’ food and quickly gobbling down their own before it can be stolen from them ... TORN FROM FAMILIES The North African children, mainly from the foul mellahs of Morocco, have been torn away from their families with their parenrs’ consent. On arrival they are stripped. Their old clothes are burned. They are bathed and bathed again until they are free of vermin. Sexually mature at the age of 12 or 13, many are already addicted, to the perversions rampant in the Arab world. A All these children are as hungry for learning as they are for food; but when their appetite for lessous declines and they prefer to olay ball instead, they are well on the way to recovering their spiritual health and are accordingly shipped to Israel, to be grafted on the most vigorous and wholesome part of the community, the kibbutzim. At Le Grand Arenas in the rocky hills outside Marseilles, a huge compound of concrete barracks — occupied at one time by the French Foreign Legion, and then in quick succession by Italian, German, American, and British invaders — is today given over to some 2,000 North African Jews, mainly fam ilies of several generations with great hordes of small children. Here they are kept for six months and more, if need be, until their, contagious mellah diseases — tra choma, ringworm, T.B., endemic V.D., and other ills — are cured, or at least sterilised. They are fretting their hearts out at this unexpected delay on the road to the Promised Land, and have to be chased into the camp cljnie for the prescribed intensive course of medical treatment. At the camp hospital, installed in a noble country house, the cots are filled with freakish-looking child ren, whose mothers sit or squat on the floor and weep when their in fants die, and then go away to hear more babies. The camp commandant, a youth ful Sabra, who appeared to me to be on the verge of a nervous break down and who would certainly be far happier fighting Arabs than struggling against the Arab sloth of these mellah Jews, has made a valiant attempt to organise his temporary village on a semi per manent basis. The youthful popu lation has been segregated and is daily given physical drill. INMATES’ POLICE FORCE ; An autonomous police force lias been recruited from among the 1 inmates, and every now and then a i wife- beater or a knife-puller is sent ; to prison for a night in a chamber ; where there is not even a mattress on the floor. There is a well-equip ped communal kitchen, but the food is poor, because the camp cooks are so lazy that they boil fish m vegetable soup until only the bones remain. Breaking all rules, some families contrive to cook their own food over Primus stoves in the barracks. A much-travelled young Jew from Casablanca, a truly magnifi cent specimen of oriental manhood, who could easily go on the stage of any Grand Opera as a swashbuckl ing pirate or bandit in the grand old romantic style without having to put on a dab of greasepaint, has been entrusted' with the herculean task of ensuring tidiness in the camp. For an hour at a time he will stand motionless against a wall, like a lizard in the sun, and sud denly will pounce upon a barrack, shrilly blowing his whistle, and storming in guttural Arabic at his compatriots for their negligence t and messiness. They will listen to ' [him, without stirring, and then he ! will go away and stand in the sun i again. He feels that, even with his whistle, he is powerless to cope with the situation, and ‘ darkly threatens to go back to Casablanca in sheer disgust... MEN POSE AS JEWS European Jews, who usually ar-!. rive with a clean bill of health, 1 may be in and out of the transit» camps in a matter of weeks, or even days, if they are lucky. Now ' and again, doubtful cases are de tained : war criminal suspects, men who have abandoned their wives and children and are trying to smuggle German mistresses through,"or “Aryans” posing as Jews. In several camps blonde frau leins are working as clerks or nur ses, while investigations are made as to how they managed to join | Jewish D.P. convoys. These girls j invariably claim to be of Danish, not German origin, and confidently rely on their seductive curves to earn them admission to Israel. All the unreality of life in a transit, camp vanishes like the me mory of a bad dream when the immigrants, or some of them, are told to get ready for sailing within 24 hours. I accompanied one con voy from St. Chamas to the port. At three o’clock in the morning the immigrants were tumbled out of bed, to help load on to a long fine of lorries all their heavy luggage, which was to be stowed in the bold of the ship. After that they tried, in vain, to go back to sleep again. After breakfast, they sat around in large groups, exchanging remi niscences and weaving vague world pictures of the future. Mainly Po lish Jews, they remembered the gliettoes, the concentration camps, the way Germans tore live Jewish babies to pieces and flung the halves away; they mentioned, with out a tear or a sigh, their murdered fathers and mothers, and dead wives and dead children, and made remarks about their new wives and new children. Those who had spent the war years in Russia told strange tales of Jews in Siberia indistinguishable from Mongols. They related how they had fought with the partisans iu the forests, how they had fared in the D.P. camps of Germany. A Jew from Sweden depicted the exalted standard of living of a mere labourer there. He wanted Israel to become a second Sweden, prosperous, scrupulously clean, and peopled by phlegmatic Jews. His hearers disagreed with him. “We’ll put up skyscrapers, and build Israel up in a second Ameri ca” someone declared, and there was a grunted chorus of assent. A long line of lorries drove into the camp. The immigrants, men, women and children, piled In with their hand-luggage. Only one im migrant who was left behind seemed happy. The day before, his wife had given premature birth to a son, who he had decided to name Jacob Marseille Loeffler—Jacob in memory of a brother killed in Aus chwitz, and Marseille in honour of the birth-place of the ‘Marseillaise.’ The lorries moved off, a tingle of legs and a tangle of voices lustily chanting Yiddish, Polish, and Russian songs. Frenchmen passing by, first in the countryside and then in the crowded streets of Marseilles | turned their heads in wonderment. But the immigrants were uncon cerned. Little did they care what the Gentiles might think of them. They were going to a land where, come what may, they would never- J more hear themselves reproached, J abused, and scorned with the word | “Jew!” * 