Danish Constitution Centenary THANES throughout the world *-* celebrate to-morrow the one hundredth anniversary of their National Day and the establish- ment of their free Constitution. On June 5, 1849, King Frederick VU signed the Act which caused an By MR. F. H. HERGEL, Consul for Denmark obsolete system of government to fall without bloodshed, to give way lo the democratic Parliamentary sys- tem which has served the country so well in the century since. The written Constitution provided the foundation on which modern Danish democracy is firmly based. The Danes, racially, have re- mained the same kind of people for at least 4,000 years, but their characteristics have changed con- siderably in the 40 centuries.f In history they make their appear- ance as a rather savage people who. before the birth of Christ, ravaged most of Europe until Marius the Roman wiped out the northern in- vaders on the plains around Milan, The British Isles, France, Ger- many, Spain, and Italy had reason to know the plundering Vikings, courageous, rough, and feared fight- ing men who inspired the special prayer in the churches of western Europe: "Save us from the wrath of the Nordic savages". "Send Us Danes" To-day the descendants of the Vikings have changed, . and the prayer of countries seeking- immi- grants is: "Send us as many Danes as possible". The Vikings, whose feats are mainly recorded by their victims, were, in fact, immigrants themselves, driven from their native land by flood and famine and tempted by adventure and the comparative riches to be found or taken in foreign countries. The sea raiders became in adopted lands traders, or settlers where fields were to be had. They made Normandy the best governed part of France, and in England their communities were known for their social and political stability. . One of their great contributions to humanity was the jury system. Denmark, or as its inhabitants call it, Danmark, is the oldest kingdom in Europe. Originally the King was just one of the great land-owners. Owner- ship of land and participation in war- fare were the characteristics which established a man's position in the community. There were glimmerings of demo- cracy even in those days, when regular gatherings of freemen made the law. passed judgments, and elected their leader, the King. In mediaeval times the power of the nobles grew and the King was forced to guarantee their privileges. The King gained the upper hand in the 17th century with the aid of the fast- developing merchant and middle Classes. From being an elective office it became hereditary and' autocratic: Social Progress This system, which lasted for nearly'two centuries, brought many abuses and a number of fatal wars, but, at the same time, social pro- gress was made, with agricultural and educational reforms. In the early 19th century the Danes were influenced by political ferment elsewhere in Europe. The first result was the introduction of provincial consultative chambers elected on a restricted franchise. But in 1849 the vital change carne with the new Constitution. A two chamber. Parliament was set up elected by universal suffrage. The bourgeoisie and the land-owners found that the Act was wider than they had wanted, but the popularity of the Throne, which persists to this day. was firmly established by the King's signature. The Constitution did not result in a full-fledged democracy right away, but on the principles it laid down the Danes have built a civilised community where few have too much and few too little. These four million people with no other resources than the none loo-fertilc Danish soil have become proportionately one of the largest international trading nations. The Vikings still find their way into the ports of the world-but as peaceful, diligent traders, welcomed, not feared. The monument of King Frederik VU of Denmark in front of Christiansborg Castle, Copenhagen. The castle houses the Parliament, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Royal Reception Rooms, and the Supreme Court. 