. THE WORLP OF STAMPS \T 1 TP I On the basis of a Presidential decree saying that 'stamps constitute an appropriate medium of cultural propaganda,' Venezuela plans to issue 384 stamps, including 216 for air mail use. Whether all will be released &t; one time or scattered over several months or years is not Stated. The series will present 48 'appropriate designs' re flecting 'the different indivi dual aspects of each region of the country-' There will be 24 vignettes 'representing the following poli tical entities: Venezuela, the JSeiv 10/- Stamp New 10s stamp bearing a dif ferent design, which will re place the current one. The new stamps will be available at chief offices in each State on October 3. Federal District, States of the XJnion, and Federal Territories.' Eight designs will represent Venezuela, trie Federal District, ana the States of Miranda, Ca rabobo, Aragua, Lara, Yaracuy and Cojedes. * Another eight designs will represent trie States of Anzoa tegui, Sucre, Monagas, Nueva Esparta, Guarico and Bolivar and the Federal Territories of Delta Amacuro and Amazonas. Another group of eight will have vignettes representing the States of Apure, Portuguesa, Merida, Trujillo, Tacm'ra, Fal con, Barinas and Zulia. ?i. a* a* T* f f Colombia: A stamp for the diamond jubilee of the Agri cultural Society of Colombia has the design of r. portrait of Juan de Dios Carrasquilla (1833-1908) bacteriologist, who was the or ganisation's first president. * * * Denmark: The Danish Con stitution centenary comme morative, a 20-ore red, re produces an oil-painting con ception of the Legislative As sembly of 100 years ago. * * * Italy: A Milan journal says postal honor is to be accorded Andrea Palladio (1518-1580), an architect who built many churches, and Vittorio Alfieri (1749-1803), tragic dramatist. ? * * * Japan: 'Electrical Communi cations Week' is inscribed on 20-yen blue picturing a radio tower. * * * Two Czechs who attained pro minence in literature enter philately's gallery on Czechoslo vakia 4-koruna violet and 8k brown-grey stamps. Jiri Wol ker, whose likeness is on 4k, was regarded as ''the most tal ented Czech poet of his genera tion.' Born in 1900, he died of tuberculosis at the age of 24. Alois Jirasek, honored on 3k* was called Czechoslovakia'? 'Walter Scott' because of , his character novels. He was born in 1851 and died in 1931. The design of the 3d stamp which has been accepted for the Canterbury (New Zea land) Centennial issue next year. The design features John Robert Godley, a found er of Canterbury, taken from the Christchurch Statue with a representation of the immi grant ship Cressey in the backgrounds The design is by Mr. J. A. Johnstone, Lecturer in Design and Applied Art at the Canterbury School of Art. 