1 W);f H IMM» rl f drdLSi m CANADIAN backing ^ for Australia's bid to have the 1956 Olympic flames held in Melbourne is being sought Dy Aus tralian High Commis sioner Frank Forde, A booklet Issued by the Mel -ourne Olympic Games initift ,ion committee will be pre sented to the Canadian Olympic Association to-day. Mr. Forde will point out that -f four nations— Australia, the Jnited Kingdom, United States, md Greece— which have com jeted In every Olympic Games, Australia is the only one which las not staged them. — (A.A.P.) ? * * . CONVICTED of beating her baby to death, Mrs. Georgette Brueks, 21, was released from a Los Angeles gaol on condi tion that she be sterilised. Mrs. Brueks, who has had. three children, went straight to a private hospital to bear a . fourth child, and then undergo an operation which will pre vent her from becoming a mother again.— (A.A.P.) ? ? ? CANADIAN price ceilings have been removed , on flour, bread, butter, sugar, and cer tain fruits and vegetables.— (A.A.P.) , . * ♦ . * WORLD'S fastest boatman. Sir Malcolm Campbell, who died on December 31. 'left £175.580 sterling In his will. Just published in London. Duty paid was £77.361. Campbell, who first found fame as a racing motor ist, left £500 sterling and an annuity of £400 to Lady Doro thy Campbell, who was divorced from him in 1940. He left nothing to Lady Betty Camp bell, married to him in 1945, as she 'had adequate means, of her own.'— (A.A.P.) ' ? * ? FIVE members of the Danish Royal Family are confined to their beds through illness. King Frederik is suffering from lum )ago. and Queen Ingrid and ;he three princesses have in luenza.— (AJV.P.) ? ? ? SWOON crooner Frank Sinatra mm** in /i/jiuif tnilh a retired businessman at a cocktail party at Palm ? Springs California. Sinatra's op ponent teas treated for a slight gash on the fore head. Police said no com ' plaint had been filed ana mat the Pugilist ' quarrel apparently developed when Sinatra asked ' the other man for a certain type of cocktail.— (A.A.P.). JUDGE in the £7000 libel suit )f Russian Victor Kravchenko tgainst the French communist )aper, Les Lettres Francaises, said at the end of proceedings n Paris that he would Rive iudgment on April 4. Krav menko is author of 'I Chose freedom,' which was attacked ay the newspaper. — (A.A.P.) * * ? SOVIET Government news paper announced an economic agreement, signed in Moscow, between Russia and North Korea, describing it as 'an im portant landmark In relations between the two neighbouring countries.'— (A. AP.) * * * AMERICAN girl, Barbara ? Floyd ('Miss New Orleans of 1948') said on arrival home from _ a tour of South America that she had mar Tied an American airman in Colombia last month to get the .money to return home. The marriage teas strictly business, she maintained, to be annulled tyter. the tour. — (Special). ' ? * * TITLE of world champion housewife kite-flyer has been wistfully relinquished by Mrs. Doris Acosto, in Ohio (U.S.). Spring rains beat down the kite with which she was try ing to defeat other local housewives who had eclipsed her last week's record of 231 hours. Mrs. Acosta, whose husband is unemployed, said: 'I give up. The cost of string is too high — it cost me 15 dollars (£4/16/) last week. —?(Special.) *.?? * ' * .WINSTON Churchill and. his vife will be dinner guests of President Truman to-night in Washington. The dinner will -e small, and Mrs. Truman and Vliss Margaret Truman will at ;end.— (A.A.P.) ' ? * , : * ' AMERICAN 'crop' (dice) games will supplant roulette in two of Monte Carlo's gambling salons when the two ' chief officials of the famous casino return from a 'post- graduate course' in new world gambling at El Paso, Las Vegas, Rerio, and Los Angeles. They have taken recordings so that the agonised criet of players may be emulated by all Monte Carlo's croupiers. — (Special.) ? ? * PRESIDENT of the Board of rrade (Mr. Harold Wilson) said n London he hoped to abolish ill except a few essential con ;rols on commodities by the end )f the year. Only controls itill needed were to ensure that 3ritain got adequate supplies of 'urniture, clothing, household linen, and raw materials, which were now scarce all over tne world or which must be bought with dollars. — (A.A.P.) * * * AMERICAN Senate has con firmed Australian-born Dr. James Boyd as Director of tne U.S. Mines Bureau. It was partly in protest against Boyd's appointment by Presi dent Truman that John u Lewis last week called over 425,000 miners on stroke for a fortnight. Boyd has been serv ing as director without pay since December, 1947.— (A.A.P.), * * * STATE Department in Wash ington, explaining why it had refused to allow entry visas to several British delegates to the world scientific & cultural peace conference, said they had been found to be 'Inadmissable according to the,U.S. immigra-, tion laws. Delegates from France, Italy, and La'11 America had been refused be cause they were known or be lieved to be communists. (A.A.P.) ? ? * MAGISTRATE in a Paris military court has released three Frenchmen, who were ar rested last month on charges ol disclosing national secrets. They were: Pierre Juln, editorm chief of a' communist weeKiy newspaper: Paul Moret. assis tant chief of the Industrie Minister's office; and Paw Pellas.-: geologist . with the Atomic Energy Commission. (A.A.P.) SIXTY-THREE Polish na tionals, including five women, have surrendered themselves as illegal immigrants in Jersey City (VS.). saying that they wanted 'to fight in the U5. Army against communism. a» came to America as members oi the' crew of Polish vessels, ana then deserted.— (A.A.P.) ? * * SIAMESE Cabinet spokesman said that Siam was anxious to loin any possible Pacific and Asian defence bloc against com munism, .similar to the Atlantic. Pact:— (AAIO 