(gandid Comment .'.'.. By ONLOOKER PASTOR NIEMOLLER need, not expect any enthusiasm .for his plan to settle in Australia German farmers driven from the eastern agricultural provinces to the industrialised west. Niemoller says German farmers would not be likely to feel they were coming to an enemy country; "there was practically no enmity among the German people." But there is still considerable en- mity here. It is not the aggressor who is privileged to disclaim hard feelings. Two generations of Aus- tralian manhood have bled in Ger- man-made wars, and the corruptive influence of Pan-Germanism among German colonists, in the Kaiser's time and Hitler'?, has not been for- gotten. There are no more industrious and frugal settlers than the Germans and none so difficult to assimilate. If you doubt this, read Charles A. Price's thesis on "German Settlers in South Australia." They are fine people, but their resistance to absorp- tion, even without the reinforcement of much migration from the Father- land, has been very strong. "Deutschtum" propaganda has seen to that. Price concludes from his objective study that the few newcomers have retarded assimilation so much "that any future increase of immigration might well be sufficient to stop ab- sorption altogether." And he quotes from the Adelaide "Australian Lutheran," September 5, 1945: "Our helping hand is stretched forth to the people of Germany be- cause they can be blamed for the war no more than the people of England. Australia, or any other country." "No enmity"? And no repentance, either, it seems. Room For The Dutch WE don't want Germans-<iot yet, anyhow; but could do with any number of Dutch farmers. Just before the war, Sir Earle Page was getting well ahead with a scheme to bring settlers from Holland. It seems to be a neglected field now. One reason for the slow intake is that the Dutch people think there is a' prejudice against them in Aus- tralia. We certainly haven't done much to endear ourselves to theml Still, they are the very sort of migrants we need, and we should be going all out to get our quota of Holland's surplus population. Rights Or Wrongs? DR. EVATT has figured largely for the Commonwealth in legal proceedings over bank nationalisa- tion and pharmaceutical benefits. Am willing to wager an illumi- nated copy of the "Declaration of Human Rights" against a postage ttamp that he won't argue in the High Court the case for expelling i Chinese under the War-time Re- fugees Removal Act. "Dangerous Cocktail". A PROPOS of comments here on .**? drunken driving, Danish Consul Jergen has brought in some interest- ing literature published by the Com- mittee of Road Safety, Copenhagen. The cover of one booklet, repro- duced, is labelled "Dangerous Cock- tail," a drawing by the Danish artist, Arne Ungermann. An enterprising Assistant Commis- sioner of Police in Copenhagen, Mr. E. Groes-Petersen, has made it his business to collect road facts and ^statistics from all over the world. These show that arrests for intoxica- tion at the wheel are far more nume- rous in Scandinavian countries than anywhere else. Reason? The laws are more strin- gent and are more rigidly enforced. Denmark has reduced accidents caused by drunken driving by com- ing down heavily on the "light cases" ?-before they get involved in smashes. Two extremes: In France driving under the influence is not in itself an offence. In Norway, 21 days without die option. Groes-Petersen remarks that, while the effect of liquor varies with the individual, a certain intake of alcohol has the uniform consequence of causing drivers to be inclined "to over-estimate their own achieve- ments, while at the same time their reactivity is reduced." Very true. Right To Strike '"IXTE believe in collective bargain * * ing and the right to strike." "We1' are the British Conserva- tives, whose belief was thus stated by Mr. Churchill in his recent speech at Wolverhampton. Perhaps the U.K. Tories don't be- lieve as hard in these things when in office as when out. But Churchill's statement is a reminder that what, during our late lamentable coal strike, was often called "the law of the jungle" prevails generally outside of Australia and New Zealand. Other countries, strange as it may seem to. us, don't appear at all anxious to copy our arbitration example. The Americans, for instance, shy violently away from compulsory arbitration, though they have come around, in the Taft-Hartley Act, to furthering collective bargaining by "full governmental facilities for con- ciliation, mediation, and voluntary arbitration." Australian trade-unions, which have benefited immensely from the arbitration system, are finding that acceptance of it imposes (quite pro- perly) increasing limitations on the right to strike. Abuse of that right brings the right itself info disrepute. Yet in a con- servative U.S. journal, the "New York Times Magazine," is found the statement: "No country which values free labour can abolish the right to strike . . . Only a Police State can do that." When Reds Fall Out ?pUSSIA and the other Comlnform countries LX are waging a bitter campaign against Marshal Tito for hi« "traitorous" breakaway from the "People's Democracies." Tito's Yugo Ilaria is »king (he United States for a 25 million dollar loan.-Cable Items. Tempest in the Cojninform, thunder on the Left - Moscow's brood of gangsters of Tito is bereft. Tito's voice is booming On the radio waves: "Yugoslavs we mean to be, "Not Stalm's Yugo-slaves." Belgrade's Reds in veering a trifle to the Right Changed in Comino jargon to "Fas- cists" overnight. / "Traitors, Wall Street stooges, "Reactionary knaves," All because they're Yugoslavs, No longer Yugo-slavcs. Tito, budding Democrat, - not the Russian brand - Seeks the convert's due reward: U.S. cash in hand. Reaching through the Curtain A dollar loan he craves, So that needy Yugoslavs Need not be Yugo-slaves. Barring liquidation, the Marshal may aspire To Marshall Aid in pulltng chestnuts from the fire. {Slain Mihailoviches Lie in forgotten graves - Early types ot Yugoslavs Who haled Yugo-slaves.) Tito has decided Democracy is best, Or that bread is buttered more thickly in the West. Prodigals impatient To eat the fatted calves Are these erstwhile Yugo-slaves Reformed to Yugoslavs. 