U.N. TO PROBE CLERGY TRIALS NEW YORK, Apra 12.— The United Nation* , General Assembly, to-day, approved of the mdiukm in its agenda of the trials of the Hungarian, Cardinal Mindszenty, and 'Bulgarian Protestant Churdb leaders. Thirty voted in favour and seven againftf twenty abstained. The Russian, Byelo-Russian, Polish, Czech and Yugoslav delegates denied the right of die United Nations to consider the trials. 'Australia, Bolivia, and tho United States, while hypocritically efening to the support of funda mental rights are attempting lo lake under their wing Hungarian ind Bulgarian criminals who were :hosen to betray their countries.' tf. Alexander Panpusakin, Russian Ambassador to the United States, aid. 'They are trying to push tho L'nlted Nations on the road of tho h treachery, thus furthering the neglect of human rights and undamental freedoms.' M. Kuzma Kisselev (Byelo russia) said behind the present proposal were 'the designs of reactionary circles in the United States and the Uniled Kingdom ivho obviously want to please the Vatican and also want to encour ige anti-Soviet, antt- democratio propaganda being conducted in jnbridled fashion in the Press of Ihose countries.' Dr. Houdek (Czechoslovakia), said a discussion of the trials »-ould be interference in the domestic affairs of Hungary and Bulgalia. M. Jan Drohojowski (Poland), }pposed any United Nations action M. Orohojowski asked! 'Who s coming to the rescue of the ijleRed violators of human rights n Hungary? From the Antipodes :omes Australia, a country whose -riginal immigrants have almost ;ntirely exterminated the abo igines. 'As a matter of fact, Australia seranss to consider the remain ing aborigines as zoologfeul specimens. M. Drohojowski quoted from the World Almanac of 1949, to tha effect that the aborigines of nor thern Australia were 'the most primitive of all peoples, entirely . nomadic, making fire with sticks, throwing boomerangs, and killing game with spears.' M.Drohojowski asked: 'May I remind you Australia has been settled since 1788. Furthermore, some arrests in Australia, and especially the arrest of labour and trade union leaders could also be brought to the attention of the Assembly in order to find out whether a charge of sedition is not a violation of human rights.' Mr. Norman Makin (Australia), said the General Assembly had undoubted Jurisdiction In tba ' Mindszenty case. The Australian delegation would take the oppor tunity in the committee stage to examine the facts of the case fully. M. Eduardo MaUenzo (Bolivia), said the United Nations could not remain deaf, blind, and dumb in the matter Denmark. Iceland. Norway and Sweden Indicated that they wer« not In favour of discussing th* trials and they would abstain from voting. M. GusUv Rasmussen, the Danish Foreign Minister, speaking on be half of all four countries, said th* trials had occasioned great con cern in northern countries as else where. Their Governments had considered the arguments on th* subject but did not think thev should enter the discussion The four Governments believed the matter first should be treated as a subject under the cract treaties. 