Permits for Roumanian Jews In Rou mania there live now some 300,000 Jews, and the Gov ernment has approved the emi gration of 5,000 per month. Nevertheless new difficulties arise time and again through interfer ence by Jewish Communists in the local Jewish administration. The recent changes in the executive bodies of the Jewish Democratic Committee may prove a further obstacle to Jewish immigration from Roumaniia. In the DP camps of Austria, Germany and Italy there are now some 60,000 Jews, 90 per cent, of whom will soon come to Is rael. 1,500 invalids will receive tile editor of “Berlingske Tid ende,” wrote a widely read book . called “Palestine — Land of the Jews.” Whilst Jewish Danes re | jected terrorism it strangely enough found much understanding in Christian circles, including even the clergy. Stauning, the great leader of Danish Social Democrats, had declared his support for the Jew ish National Home in a much quoted letter, and the present Labour Government under Hed toft, a philo-Semite, who used to be Stauning’s secretary, adheres strictly to that line. This also explains Denmark's participation in the Five-Power Commission on Palestine. It met with some criticism but responsible politi cians like Hedtoft and Chirstmas Holler, the former Foreign Secre tary, expressed their agreement with it in a personal talk which I had with them. (It was the latter who once categoriaclly re jected Denmark’s participation in the Olympic Games while racial [ legislation against Jews existed in Germany.) After the war, the Jewish com munity in Copenhagen became a j corresponding member of the World Jewish Congress. At pres ent there are still difficulties in the way of active membership, but jall organizations are pressing for the final step which now seems only a question of time. medical treatment while still abroad. Considerable numbers of immi grants are arriving from all Mos lem countries. Their poor health creates special problems for the medical services. An average of 500 immigrants per month are arriving from Great Britain, the Netherlands, America and South Africa. All arrangements for the trans portation of immigrants to ports of embarkation are, in the hands of the Palestine Offices itn the countries of origin of the migrants with exception of Poland, where the Government insists on turning all responsibilities over to the Is raeli authorities. The Warsaw Palestine Office has been closed some time ago. As a result of the recent de cision of the IRO in Geneva, trans portation of displaced persons tc Israel will in the future be in eluded- in the programme of tha United Nations agency. Never theless, the Joint Distributioi Committee will continue its large scale transportation scheme, while the Jewish Agency will improve the transfer of the immigrants property by the setting up of f special agency for this purpose Half of all the immigrants whe arrived in December were con | veyed in Israeli ships. 