SSoviet Claims Credit BELGRADE (A.A.P.).-Russia "made it possible" for the Bri tish fleet to defeat the Spanish Ar mada in 1588, according to the So viet professor, A. A. Mavrodin. QUOTED by the Yugoslav liter ary paper, 'Knijevne Novine," the professor said in his book on the 'Role of Russian Science in the History of Culture," that cre dit for the British victory was Russia's because 'English ships at that time were built of Russian timber, used Russian sails and rope, and were smeared with Russian pitch." The Comet jet air Flight liner recently made a flight lasting four hours and covering 2000 miles. This was the culmination of the first phase of the liner's fuel consumption trials. This flight was made at between 36,000 and 40,000ft., which is its provisional operating height on service flights. Attem the Belgian scien p tist, Professor Aug uste Piccard, will renew the -at tempt he was forced to abandon last November to descend two and a half miles under water. In his previous attempt he de scended almost 5000ft. in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of North West Africa. Tamed Lorenzo, the. lion "' tamer who was sack ed from a Paris circus for being unable to control a baby elephant, tamed five starving lions on Sat urday in an attempt to prove that he had ben wrongfully dismissed. Lorenzo, watched by lawyers and court- referees, had some trouble at first because the lions could not understand his commands. in German. He finally made all but one stand on chairs. However, the court has still to announce its decision. z Western guards of Nazis rudolf Hess, Hitler's deputy, and six other Nazi crim inals have recommended that they be kept in a small cell block at Spandau prison to save expenses. The recommendation to the Ame rican, British and French com mandants was the result of a pro. test by the Mayor of Berlin (Herr Ernst Reuter) that Spandau was costing West Berlin £38,250. a year. He said the seven Nazis could be kept in an ordinary Ger man gaol for a total annual ex pense of £680. Genius Denmark claims to have a 5-year-old boy who is brighter than the 11 year-old Briton whose genius was reported last week. The Danish lad had an intelligence quotient of 175, compared with the Bri tish boy's 170, said Dr. Harold Torpe, Danish educational psy chologist. The average intelli gence quotient is 100. Dr. Torpe said the Danish child could al ready read fluently. Poles Mr. R. A. Ball, deputy chief of the Interna tional Refugee Organisation mis sion at Nairobi, said it was hoped Australia would accept a large proportion of the 3000 Poles still in camps in East Africa. Repre sentatives of the Australian. im migration committee are due to arrive soon to discuss the ques tion. 