"FORCED MIGRATION" TO AUSTRALIA ALLEGATION DENIED ; NO COMPULSION OF ANY KIND GENEVA, Oct 25 (A.AJP.). . -The spokesman of the Inter- national Refugee Organisation to-day denied the reporte that. MM), and Danish authorities were! forcing Soviet citizens to to to Australia. . " "There is absolutely no truth ia the report" he said. "It is not the organisation's policy to force any- one'to do anything. A refugee: can either be repatriated cr resettled. We are the organisation through which either of these courses can be carried out but the choice re- mains always with the Individual concerned." .<'.?? . , Reuters correspondent in Copen- hagen says that,the refugees who have now left for Australia were free to travel to their own home- land, if they had wished to do that. An official Danish statement declared to-night that every re- fugee has individually been asked to state bis preferences as to what country he would like'to go. Some 800 expressed a wish to go to Aus- tralia, and the I.R.O. therefore ar- ranged an opportunity for them to, see the Australian Immigration Commission. - ?.' .', NO DANISH RESTRICTIONS The Danish authorities neither restrict nor encourage anti-Soviet propaganda among' refugees in Denmark. The refugee camps are open to an who wish to visit them, and this right of free entry is used by. Soviet representatives, who often give lectures and show films in the refugee camps, and who are absolutely free to speak with the refugees. While the Australian Commission was'in the camps, the Soviet repre- sentatives were asked to postpone their visits for a few days, but the representatives paid a visit to one of the camps while the commission was there. LEAVING FOR AUSTRALIA Reutor's correspondent in Copen- hagen says that the chief of the LR.O. mission in Denmark (Herr Aaroe) who attended the meeting -at the Danish Foreign Office, after which the official Danish statement was issued, said to- night that a total of 513 refugees in Copen- hagen were leaving this month for Australia. Originally the Australian Commission had agreed to take 567 but some were not ready to leave because of various commitments when the main body left. Those left behind would be able to go later, if they still wished. Asked to comment on the state- ments, by the refugees, still in Copenhagen that indirect methods of compulsion were used. Herr Aaroe said that people who do not volunteer for movement are not treated quite-*ibe- same as those who do. "It is a condición of our; work that the people use oppor- tunities when they are available," he said. j D.P.'S GIVEN CHANCE Renter's correspondent in Ber- lin says that the head of the Aus- tralian Uilitary. Mission in Berlin, (Major .General F. G. Callaghan) said to-night that displaced persons in the. camps in Denmark are be- ing given a chance to go to Aus ! tralla if they applied to go there, and if they measured up to the re-, quirements laid down by the Aus- tralian Government "Charges that we are forcing anyone to go to Australia are nonsense. My teams are fully occu- pied merely Interviewing the appli- cants who have applied to go there," he said. He declined to comment on. reports that the Danes had threatened to withdraw work permits from DP.'s who would not go to Australia. 