CABLES BRIEF 49 Die In Ship Explosion Australian Associated Press And Our Special Representative ISTANBUL, July 10. At least 49 persons are, known to be dead and police fear the death roll may reach 100 as a result of a heavy explosion whic.i set fire to the' 5.000-ton Turkish passenger I ship Corum in Istanbul Harbor last night. Flames shot from the bold, where it is believed there were chemicals. The ship was leaving for the Black Sea with between 700 and 800 pas sengers. Communist Killed CALCUTTA.—One Commu nist was killed in a gun battle during a raid on a Communist hiding place near Calcutta. Five Communists were arrested and a large number- of bombs and acid bulbs were seized. Argentina Pardon BUENOS AlRES.—Argentina yesterday celebrated her 133 rd anniversary cf independence from Spain by pardoning all foreigners who have entered the country illegally. Illegal immi grants will have until Septem ber 30 to apply for permanent residence. Blind Dutchman's Trek BRUSSELS.—BIind since he was 28. Coenraad de Boer, a 60-year-old Dutchman, walked 175 miles from Am sterdam to Brussels in nine days to prove that, accom panied by a trained guide dog, a bund person can go anywhere. (Japanese Hanged TOKJO.—lsamu Sato, a for mer lieutenant-commander in the Japanese Navy, was hanged on Friday at Sugamo Prison for having ordered the beheading of an American airman after his aircraft bad keen shot down in the Ryuku Islands in April, 1945. More U.S. Workless WASHINGTON.—The Cen sus Bureau reports that us un employment rose to 34m. in June —an increase of about 500,000 over May. Civilian em ployment totalled 59.6 m. 1,000 Syrian Arrests BEIRUT.—More than 1.000 members of the Syrian National Party members have been arrested during an action in which troops with armored vehicles and artillery, and the police force have been engag ing party groups in the moun tains round Beirut. Catholic Pilgrimage IiONDON.—A 10-feet high cross will be carried through the West End of London next week by Catholic pilgrims on a stage of their world pilgrimage from Jerusalem. The pilgrim age began on Good Friday. anower for Komeo ' HOLDING (Jutland).—A '; Danish youth who climbed ', through a window of a local ! .1 girls' school was seized by the ! | students, taken to a bathroom i and held under the shower : | fully dressed until ho ap pealed for merry. The mis tress of the school explained that the girls were tired of { local Homeos prowling round I the school after dark with in- \ vitations for girls to take mid- *, night walks with them. "Iron Curtain" Trouble AMSTERDAM.—PoIice club bed more than 20 people out of an Amsterdam cinema on Fri day night as a result ol a dis turbance during the showing of ' the film "The Iron Curtain.'" i Carbolic acid was thrown at the : screen and Communist*; began j fighting v.'ith t.-.eir unbuckled belts. One policeman was j slightly injured. I; Italian Cars On Way GENOA. — The Italian | mctorship Sebastiano Caboto sailed on Friday on her first voyage to Australia. Her j -cargo includes the first post war shipment of Italian- | made cars for the Common- I wealth. i Analgesia Bill Rejected liONDCN.—The House of Commons on Friday rejected j the Painless Birth Bill by 108 I votes to 44. The Bill would j have put an obligation on local authorities to provide analgesia ' (pain- killing) apparatus at all ! births. ! 10 Die In Storm MANILA.—Ten persons were killed, countless homes were wrecked and ships were battered by a storm In the Philippines on | Friday. i KJ&.K. Indictments | BIRMINGHAM < Alabama)— The grand Jury investigating mob violence by hooded men yesterday indicted 14 persons. A total of 45 indictments was returned, naming some of the alleged nightriders in a string of incidents, which included flogging, boycotting and burg lary. Struck Priest After Mass 1 NEW ORLEANS.—A Negro i waterside worker crept up be- I hind a Catholic priest Imed- , ing in prayer after Mass on Friday and fractured his skull with a 10-lb. cargo hook. He also rubbed the priest, Father Neifert, of $13. The Negro was charged with at tempted murder and also with aggravated assault for alleg edly hitting a Negro barmaid with a grappling hook and robbing her of $13 after his attack on the priest. Slovaks Sentenced PRAGUE. —The Communist newspaper "Rude Pravo"' re ports that nine persons bave been sentenced at Kosice to terms of imprisonment of up to 10 years on charges of rioting in the Slovak town of Levoc. Danish Eggs For CX. LONDON.—TIie Ministry of Pood announced on FYiday that Denmark would send 85 p.c, of her exportable surplus eggs to the United Kingdom during 1949-50. Century-Makers MOSCOW. — A collective ! farmer Matimnd A Bazot*, who lives in the mountains of Russian Afcerbaijan, is I*o years old and still works and goes swimming in the local lake, according to Tass. His wife is aged 118 and bis eldest daughter 100. Eruption in Canaries LONDON. —A volcano in the island of Palma in the Canary Islands, which began erupting 10 days ago, burst into renewed activity yesterday. A lava 1 stream 6 ft. deep and 170 yards wide is travelling towards tbe coast and has already -cut the island almost in two. Several villages lie in the path of the stream. Airways Director Resigns LONDON.—Mr. J. V. Wood. 44-year old managing director of British European Airways, with a salary of £4,500 a year, has resigned from tbe corpora tion as a result of disagreements with other executives on the board. Burma Claims RANGOON.—A Burma Gov ernment communique claims tbat 150 rebels were killed and 150 wounded around Yenang yaung. 360 miles north-west of Rangoon in the past three days. 