Critics Raise Voices Over Nomination For Judqeship (TRUTH'S SPECIAL SERVICE) NEW YORK, Saturday. — Many Americans long have suspected thai anyone who served with President Truman's World War I artillery outfit, or tells a fast smoking-room story, has a chance for a big Government job. \17HEN Truman nominated TT Attorney _ General Tom Clark to a Supreme Court judgeship this week, there fol lowed the usual sour chorus. Clark's abilities were not of the judicial kind, was the refrain. Why Truman chose Clftrk is anybody's guess, but one thing is certain — Clark has been blamed for a lot of things in the last few months. There is the Eisler case, for instance. When the notorious Communist agent jumped his bail to sail to England, a British judge made American lawyers look silly. Clark was the scapegoat then. Now he is to be a Supreme Court judge. [Eisler was convicted in the United States of contempt of Congress and giving false in formation in applying for a visa. He appealed and while on bail stowed away on a ship. He was removed from the ship when it reached Southampton, but the T7.S. Government fail ed in its application to have him extradited. He subse quently reached Prague.] Clark caught it again in the Judith Coplon espionage trial. He should not have handed over secret F.B.I. reports, it was said. When the Senate confirms Clark's appointment, as exoect ed, he will have a 25.000 dollars a year ^ob. and will be free from all political ties. He will be a Supreme Court judge for life, _»_-_? BATTLE San Francisco, LOST Saturday. — Mrs. Neilma Myer Gantner (28),. daughter of the late Sidney Myer, millionaire Melbourne department store owner and woolgrower, has lost her battle in the Superior Court, to have her children reared and educated in Austra lia. Mrs. Gantner was granted a decree this week, on the grounds of cruelty, from Vallejo Gantner (38), wealthy San Francisco manufacturer, and the custody of their two child ren, Vallejo (7) and Carillo (4-, but was denied the privilege of bringing them up in Australia. Judge Kaufman ruled that as the children had spent all their lives in San Francisco the court could not deny them the right of being educated and raised as American citizens. . * * * WHITE Co penhagen, SLAVERY: gptarjt **-. paper National Tidende charges that Danish girls answering ad vertisements for domestic ser vice jobs in London are being shanghaied into white slavery in South America. ' The Danish Government has warned newspapers to refuse 'certain advertisements' offer ing employment to young girls overseas. Officials, however, have declined to comment on the white slavery resorts. The Danltifa Immigration Office is continuing a probe In to allegations that Danish girls who have gone to London in response *to advertisements, in stead of finding themselves in comfortable jobs with British families, iiave been shipped off to South American houses of HI fame. 'ROUGH' London, Satur nnurv c dav- —Monty HOWLS Needle, ex policeman with a dozen very tough arrests to his credit, ex heavyweight boxer, and a rough and tumble Rugby player, set tled down to a quiet game of bowls at Croydon today. Monty, who is 6ft. 7in. and weighs 20 stone, jumped in an endeavor to avoid another player's wood. Monty tripped over another wood, crashed, broke his right ankle, and injured his back. He said later in hospital: 'Bowls is the most dangerous game I have ever played.' DRESS Wellington 'EXPLODED' S^ Dressed in her beautiful new gown, Mrs. Margaret Muriel Burns, wife of a noted Welling ton medical specialist, was ready to leave for the B.M.A. ball. She returned to her bedroom for a second before saying goodnight to her little son. She brushed against an electric ra diator, and in one minute was enveloped in flames. Dr. P. P. Lynch told the Cor .oner's Court today that Mrs. Burns' frock was made from a material similar to nylon. The material was derived from cel lulose, had the same essential molecular construction as some explosives, and had, in fact, ex ploded, not merely caught fire, he said. After Dr. Lynch had said: 'I thir\k there is an ever-present danger in these materials which is entirely unexpected,' the cor oner decided to call the Gov ernment's attention to the facts, and ask for an inquiry. * * * SCIENCE London, Satur trying to settle the highly con troversial question of whether a man is too old to work at 40. With grants from the Nuffield Foundation they are testing different age groups to deter mine ability to do jobs. Here are some of their find ings: Deterioration in speed, or output, may be compensated by an increase in accuracy. Change from heavy to light work is not necessarily advis able, because skill is more easily maintained than acquired. Changes associated with old age begin as early as the 30's cr even the late 20's. * + * CHIEF'S London, Satur WIFF day. — Ruth Wil ****** Hams, English wife of Bechuanaland tribal chief, Seretse Khatna, is ap parently unperturbed by today's announcement that a judicial inquiry will be set up to decide whether she can be 'queen' of the Bechuanaland Protec torate. The decision to set up the inquiry was made by the Sec retary of State for Common wtalth Relations (Mr. Noel Baker), on the advice of Sir Evelyn Baring, in an attempt to end the tribal trouble over Seretse Khama's marrying a white girl. \+ * ' * WOMAN IN London, Sat AIRRACE i_r?nVeS-s Margaret has entered a Miles Whitney Straight plane, piloted by Group Capt. Peter Towns end, for the King's Cup air race today — the first since 1938. There are 39 pilots, including a woman, Miss Ray Mary Sharpe. 