|No Force Used To Get Refugees To Australia LONDON: neuter's Berlin cor respondent says that Major Gen eral F. G. Galleghnn, head of the Australian Military Mission In Berlin, said that, displaced persons in camps in Denmark are being given a chance to go to Australia If they applied to go there, and If they pleasured up to. the .require ments laid down by the Austra lian Government. "Charges that we are forcing anyone to go to Australia are non sense'," he added. "My teams are fully occupied merely, interviewing applicants who have applied to go there." He declined to comment on re ports that Danes had threatened to withdraw work, permits from displaced persons who would not go to Australia. ' . Reuter's Geneva correspondent says a spokesman, of the . Inter national Refugee' Organisation yesterday denied reports that IRO and Danish authorities were forc ing Soviet citizens to go to Aus tralia. "There Is absolutely no truth In tho report," her*said. "It Is not the organisation's policy to force anyone to do anything. "A refugee can either be re patriated or resettled. We are the organisation through which either of. these courses ..can'be; carried out, but the choice remains al ways with the individual concern ed." Reuter's Copenhagen correspon dent says refugees,who have, now letf for Australia' were free to travel to .their own homeland If they had. wished that, an. official Danish statement . declared - last night., '' "Every refugee', hits individually been.asked to state his preferences as to. what country he would like to go to. Some 8D0 expressed a wish to go. to Australia, and IRO therefore, arranged an opportun ity. .for them, to sec, the Australian Immigration', commission. ./ "Danish authorities neither re strict nor . encourage'. antl-Sovlct propaganda among refugees In' Denmark. Refugee camps are open tb all who wish to' visit them. This right of free entry. Is used by, Soviet representatives, who I often give lectures and show films in refugee camps, and-who are absolutely free to, speak'with re fugees. • "While the Australian Commis sion was In the camps the Soviet representatives were asked, to post pone their visits for a few days, but the representatives paid a visit to one of the camps while the Commission was-'thebe." The chief of the IRO mission in Denmark (Herr Aaroe),' who attended a meeting at the Danish Foreign Office, ' after which the official Danish, statement was is sued, said that a, total of 513 re fugees In Copenhagen' were leav-. ing this month", for; Australia; Originally the Australian Commis sion had agreed to take 587, but some were not ready to leave, be cause. cf various commitments. When the malni body, left those left behind would be able to go later if they still wished. Asked to comment on the state ments by refugees still in Copen hagen that indirect methods of compulsion were. used,. Heir Aaroe said: . "People! who do not volume tecr fcr movement are. not treat ed quite the same as those who do. It Is a condition of our work that people use opportunities when they are- available." " 