| The Jews in Denmark I (From Our Own Correspondent — Copenhagen) The Jewish Community in Denmark, established nearly 300 years ago, has, except for a period during the Nazi oc cupation, enjoyed a peaceful and happy existence. Numbering approximately 7,000 the community is concentrated in and around Copenhagen, consti tuting one per cent of the capi tal’s population Although about 350 Jews live in the provinces, no Jewish community exists outside Copenhagen. Privincial communi ties formerly existed in several towns, including Randers, Aalborg and Faaborg, but they have dis appeared during the past 50 years owing to the migration of the younger members to the capital. The observant section of Danish Jewry is, for the most part, con servative and no reform movement exists. There is also a small ultra orthodox community. Inter-mar riage has reached considerable proportions in recent years and it is estimated that 50 per cent are marrying outside the Jewish faith. Quite a number of people, mainly descendants. of the first Jewish settlers, have abandoned Judaism and are completely Danish in their culture and outlook. As in so many other countries, many Jews here are engaged in the tailoring and allied industries. Trade and commerce, as well as the professions, have also attract ed Danish' Jews. FUNDS FROM TAXES The community derives the major part of its. income from taxes imposed, with the approval of the Copenhagen City Council, on all its members. Normally, each member is assessed at about one per cent of his annual income. Originally, the community was composed of two fairly distinct groups the descendants of the first immigrants who settled here in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries; and twentieth-century immigrants from Eastern Europe. In recent years, the economic and social gap between the two groups has been successfully bridged and there is now little friction 'within the community. The first large-scale immigra tion of Jews into Denmark oc curred during and immediately after the first war when over 3,000 refugees, mainly from Eastern Europe were admitted. Their entry more than doubled the then existing Jewish population of Denmark. SOUGHT REFUGE After Hitler seized power in 1933, many German Jews sought refuge in Denmark. Although wil ling to grant temporary asylum to these unfortunate people, the Danish authorities were reluctant to admit refugees seeking per manent residence. Nevertheless, nearly 2,000 Jews from Germany and Nazi-occupied couhtries 'wore admitted after 1933 and about 50 per cent are still here. The remain der have since emigrated to Israel the United States and other coun tries. When the Nazis established a military regime in Denmark in 1943, the position of the Jewish Community looked firm indeed. Anti-Jewish measures were not long delayed. On the eve of Yom Kippur, the Nazis, assisted by some Danish collaborators, began rounding up Jews for deportation. Thanks to the Resistance "Move ment, however, the majority of Jews succeeded in escaping to Sweden. Nevertheless, nearly 500 were captured and sent to the Terezin concentration camp. For reasons known only to the Nazis, no Danish Jews were murdered in the death camp although 53 died from disease. Through the inter vention of Count Bemadotte and the International Red Cross, the remainder were later repatriated. SEFARDIM FIRST The history of Danish Jewry goes back to 1622 when King Christian IV invited certain Sef ardi Jews from Holland to settle in Gluckstadt, in Schleswig Hol stein, at that time occupied by Denmark. About 30 years later, Frederick III, then in financial difficulties, asked members of the wealthy Sefardi community to settle in Denmark proper. On January 19, 1657, Gabriel Gomez received the first entry permit. The Sefardim were followed by a select group of German jeWx ami a small community Wa“ formed in Copenhagen. in mT thanks to the efforts of Davirt Israel, the ‘Court jeweller, tlm firsi house of worship was opened and as other groups arrived and settled in the provinces, coinmuni ties were established at Aalborg-' Fredericia, Nyborg, RandVs ami Nakshov. ' u By this time, Ashkenaz as well as Sefardi Jews from Germanv and Holland were entering the country in a steady stream and inevitably, tension grew between, the two communities. They could not agree on the election of a synagogue and for many years services were held in various houses of worship. The majority of Jews were at this time engaged in commerce. Some were small shopkeepers but their scope was limited owing to the opposition of the Merchant Guilds In IS14 a decree was promulgated setting out the position of Jews as citizens and their civil rights and obliga tions. It was not until 1849, however, when the Constitution was drafted that Danish Jews were granted foil rights. DIFFICULT PERIOD This was a particularly difficult period for Danish Jews. Certain members of the community formed a “Baptist Movement" which was only defeated after considerable efforts by the Chief Rabbi, Abra ham ben Gedelja, and his succes sor, Dr A. A. Wolff. The com munity rallied behind the spiritual leaders and, in 1853, the Great Synagogue in Copenhagen was erected. Among Chief Rabbis that fol lowed Dr Wolff were Professors David Simonsen, who resigned in 1902 to devote himself to his scientific work, Dr T. Lewenstein, Dr M. Shomstein, Dr M. Friediger, and Dr Marcus Melchior, the pre sent Chief Rabbi. Today, there are about 20 Jew ish organisations in Copenhagen. They include a Zionist Society, a lodge of the B’nai BTith, a branch of the Alliance Israelite Univer selle, Wizo, a youth organisation with 450 members, and Hakoah, a sports club, many of whose members have won national cham pionships. The community sup ports a monthly journal, “Judisk Samfund,” edited by Torben Mayer. MANY DISTINGUISHED Many Danish Jews have dis tinguished themselves in cultural and other spheres. They include the late Meir Aron Goldschmidt and Henri Nathansen, authors; Ernst Meyer, David Monies and Sally Philipsen, artists; Siegfried Wagner and Harold Isenstein sculptor; Victor Bendix and Leo pold Rosenfeld, composers: Pro fessor Carl Salmonsen, Aage Han nover, Israel Rosenthal, Leopold Meyer and L. S. Fridericia, scien tists; D. B. Adler, Herman Bing and Edward Brandes, politicians; and the alte Georg Brandes, fam ous historian and critic. Today, there is Dr Georg Cohn, expert on international law; Sigurd Hen riques, County Sheriff; C. B. Henriques, .Supreme Court advo cate; Karl Lachmann, civil engin eer and President of the Conu munity; Dr Raphael Edelmann, lecturer on Hebrew literature at the University of Copenhagen. Unlike their co-religionists in lost other European countries, tanish Jews have shown no par icular desire to emigrate t 3rael. A party of 30 young me nd women did join the Isra® .fmy to help in' the defence tie Jewish State but the majori.y ave now returned. Nevertheles , lanish Jews have shown tn ffection for the new State _ lany occasions and the isra nvoy to Scandinavia, Dr ,' tfolfsberg, and the Israeli Davis up team, were given^a war 'eleome on their recent visit lenmark. T , ,.ah (Copyright by The Jewish hronicle Feature & News ice.) 