"Luxury Cruise" Called Nightmare Some British migrants, who arrived in Melbourne yesterday after a 32-day trip on a "luxury ship" described their journey from Genoa in the Greek ship Cyrenia as a "nightmare." British passengers said they paid almost £200 for first class berths, but were denied all the privileges of first-class passen gers.. They had to submit to the intrusion of second and third class passengers, who crowded the first- class deck day and night. Stewards were accommodated in the first- class lounge at night. The ship's master would hear complaints only when made through the second officer. Mr. H. D. Barry, retired R.A.F. officer, on a visit to Aus tralia with his wife, said he was considering bringing an action against the ship's Lon don agents. "The agents told me the ship was a luxury liner," he said. "We are booked to return to England by this ship, but in tend to seek accommodation in another."- Mr. Barry said that after leaving Messina (Sicily), where more immigrants embarked, these people had the run of the ship. Another batch boarded at Port Said. Mr. Barry said he was writ ing to the London agents to warn them against recom mending the ship for any fur ther intending British passen gers. Noise Terrific Mr D G Hall travelling to New Zealand, said that when he became ill in his cabin the noise from people on deck was so terrific that the doctor could not use his stethoscope. Another British passenger, Mr- J- Wright, who paid £190 for his berth, said he would not travel in the ship again as a gift. Both he and another British migrant, Mr. D. Webster, com plained about conditions on board. Mr. Barry said that at the end of the journey the captain sent round a "letter of thanks," addressed to the ship's com pany which all passengers were asked to sign. However, none of the British or Danish first-class passengers signed. They praised the cabin ac commodation, the food and the behavior of the stewards. "Had it not been for the stewards life would have been absolute hell," Mrs. Barry said. 