WHY DANES WANT TO COME TO AUSTRALIA (By P.N.) Many Australians might wonder why so many Danes want to migrate to this country. At least 10,000 would gladly say goodbye to Denmark and come to Australia If the immigration laws were relaxed and conditions made easier. The reason is to be found in Danish post-war conditions. Denmark is a poor country after five years of German oc cupation, for which the little nation had to .pay more than the equivalent Lf £ AS00,000, 000, It is little 'wonder then that many of us have chosen Australia, where conditions are better and possibilities un limited. There is also something else.. The most important motive for the migration is the incidence of Communism. At the last election the Danish Communist Party was halved, and, after the Red coup in Czechoslovakia, another 1,000 left the party. Even after that, the leaders of the Danish Communist group have been saying that they want Denmark to fellow the path of Czechoslovakia. After Communist speeches of that sort the leader of the Con servative group in the Parlia ment said that 'the Communists in Denmark are traitors to their own country." He asked them to take him to court if they did not consider his words were true. but the Communists did nothing. The Danish Govern ment knows very well the dan ger of Communism, and all the, democratic parties are against the Communist Party. None of the leading posts in the army. the Home Guard, committees of defence, ammunition fact ories, etc., can be taken over by Communists. The Danish Communist newspaper has sent much false information to the Soviet Press, and the so-called fellowship between Denmark and the Soviet has-after that \---not been very cordial. Some months ago many Russian mili tary planes were seen over the Danish island of Bornholm. Some of them flew so low that they could be easily identified. The Danish Government's protest to the Soviet was not accepted. The Russians refused to ackbowledge that their planes had flown over Danish territory. Two big organisations from the resistance movement (started when Denmark was occupied by the Germans) will be dis banded this month because the democratic members do not want to remain in an organisa tion with the Communists, whom they regard as being no better than the Nazis. The Dan ish Communists have also started economic sabotage as a part of an organised plan. Even if democratic Denmark is pre pared against them, they know well the "Red danger." The democrats know that Russian planes from the Soviet zone in Germany can reach Denmark in half an hour and that the Russians would be able to oc cupy Denmark very quickly. T'he Danes do not leave their country because of cowardice. They want to work in the ser vice of freedom, and they no not think they will be able to stand another "occupation. Every man and woman in Den mark feels that the Russians must come. 