SOVIET SATELLITES SEEK TO BLOCK U.N.O. DISCUSSIONS ON TALKS OF RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION NEW YORK, Wednesday. y i, Byelo-Russia, Polish, Czech and Yugoslav delegates denied the right, of the U.N.O. to consider the trials while Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden indicated they were not in. favour of discussing the trials and would abstain. The Danish Foreign Minister (Gustav Rasmussen said the four Governments believed the matter should be treated as a subject under the peace treaties. Replying to a charge of Alexander Panyushkin, of Russia, that Bolivia and" the United States, while hypocritically referring to support of fundamental rights, are attempting to take Hungarian and Bulgarian "criminals" under their wing. Mr" Makin, of Australia, said that, the General Assembly had undoubted" jurisdiction in the Mindszenty case and Australia's proposal, that it be placed on the agenda, had been made in good faith. Eduardo Matienzo, of Bolivia, said the United Nations could not remain deaf, blind and dumb in the matter. Bolivia, he added was ready to prove that Hungary had stifled all religious associations and institutions for religious education and welfare. These threats to human society were of concern to U.N.O. as religious beliefs and creeds are involved. . '. During the Soviet bloc opposition to the proposal, Jan Droho Loweke, of Poland, asked: who is coming to the rescue of alleged violations of human rights in Hungary? From the Antipodes contes Australia, a country whose original immigrants have almost entirely exterminated the aborigines. As a matter of fact, Australia seems to consider the re- maJnjlng..aborigmes as zoological specimens.. - . "May I remind you that Australia has been settled since 1788. Furthermore, some arrests" in Australia, and especially the arrest of Labour and trade union leaders, could also be brought to the attention of the Assembly in order to find out whether a charge of sedition is not a viola- tion of human rights and, if so, whether human rights have not been violated," he declared. Hungary and Bulgaria have protested to the General Assembly against the debate on the trials of the Hungarian Primate (Cardinal Mindszenty) and 15 Bulgarian Protestant pastors. The protests were based on the grounds that the inclusion of the trials on the agenda would be an unjustified interference in the internal affairs of the States concerned. Drohojowski added that "in the blaze, proponents of this motion bask in their glory and acquire popularity at the expense of good relations among nations. Beware of the day when the fire-engines of U.N.O. are not prompt or efficient enough to prevent the conflagration spreading; then the little boys who started the fire may have the seat of their trousers burnt." ' . - « 