CABLES IN BRIEF (A.A.P.) British Coal Output LONDON, Wednesday: Bri tain's miners In the week ended March 12 produced 4,351,200 tons of coal— 1.18 tons per manshift — which equals the pre-war over all output per manshift. Poles Surrender NEW YORK, Wednesday: Six ty-three Polish nationals, includ ing five women, surrendered in Jersey City yesterday as illegal ' immigrants, laying they wanted to 'fight in the United States Army' against Communism.' All came to the U.S. as members of the cre'7 of Polish vessels, then deserted. They gave themselves up in a mass ceremony at Jersey City Hall. Thirty-nine Polish seamen similarly surrendered at Newark last week. New Ack-Ack Gun FRANKFURT, Wednesday : A sixteen-ton 90 millimetre anti-aircraft gun which, through the use of radar, can automatic ally track targets and fire 25 rounds per minute, has arrived in the United States zone of Germany. The new gun requires a crew of five and Is electrically operated by remote control, says American .Vssociated Press. It is described as the 'most mod ern and effective defensive wea pon against aircraft.' A modified version has been . mounted on tanks. To Be Sterilised LOS ANGELES, Wednesday Mrs. Georgette Brucks, who was convicted of beating her baby to death, was released from gaol yesterday on condition that she would be sterilised. Mrs. Brucks who Is only 21, has had three children, and she entered a pri vate hospital yesterday to bear a fourth child and then undergo the operation, which will pre vent her becoming a mother again. London Talks WNDON, Wednesday: It is now understood that the pro jected London conference of C- unonwealth Prime Ministers or their deputies will begin on April 23. The date Is awaiting confirmation by the Dominions, says Reuter. The conference is likely to last ten days and will discuss urgent defence and con stitutional problems. In New Delhi It Is officially announced that India's Prime Minister (Pandit Nehru) is due In Lon don in the third week in April to attend the conference. Search for Painting ROME, Wednesday: Italian police have reopened the search for a Titian painting of the 15th century poet Ludovico Arl osto, worth aLout £43,500, stolen from a villa, at Ramognano, In Northern Italy, in April, 1945. This follows the discovery of a copy of the painting, which ex perts say must have been made since the robbery. Danish Royalty III COPENHAGEN, Wednesday : Five members of the Danish Royal Family are confined to their beds through illness. King Frederick is suffering from lum bago. Queen Ingrid and the three Princesses have influenza British Milk Supply LONDON, Wednesday : From Sunday next an domestic con sumers and caterers in Britain can buy as much milk as they like, but retailers will have to supply all priority entitlements first. This period of unrestricted sales Is expected to last about three months. 