SUPREME COURT J Matrimoniql Cases Slttlnr In matrimonial juris diction on Tuesds}. Mr. Justice R. i. Douglas heard two peti tions for dlvorrr. neither of which ?« defended. A decree nisi waft granted in each case, Hub.v lsobel Brake, of 42 Mc Leod Street. Cairns, fought the | dissolution of her marlage with i Leslie Furnell Erake. on the 'grounds of desertion. Mr. R. W. J Skerman. Instructed by Mr. si. 'Giudea (O'Suilivan, Ruddy and Gludesl, appeared for the plain tiff. In evidence, the petitioner stated tint she married the dc Ifendant at Charlevtllc on August 28\. 1929. Thereafter they lived at ; Tambo for five years, Brisbane for I a year, Mt. Perry three yean, I then at Bnndaberg and Bargain linear Bundaberg) till December, ? 1(U1 nnil thfn nt TC*ichiinp till June 25. IMS. There were three] children of the marriage. Defend ant joined the air force in Novem ber. 1940. While home on leave at ' Brisbane in March. IMS. defend- 1 ant said he was leaving for Syd ney. Witness subsequently found ; two addresses and a telephone j number in her husband's auto- ? jp-aph book. Witness was very ' upset and wrote to lier husband : in Sydney. He returned to Brit I bane soon after, and when she asked him about the addressee. he brat her. and told her to mind her own business. He then left, but returned In June. 1945. She asked him about his frequenting! certain bouses, but he refused to give her an explanation. Re then packed bis ports, and announced: 'I im walking out and not re turning.' Witnes had only seen him twice since then, when he called to see the children. In December, 194,6. witness moved to j Cairns to live with her family, and she had supported the chll I riivn sine* hur hiiKhand'a dp psrttire. His Honour found the facts as, alleged, and granted judgment , nisi for ^dissolution of the mar riage, to*be moved absolute after . the expiration of three months.1 Giuseppe Formilan. of Edmon ton, petitioned for & divorce from Gulli Hjordis Formilan, on the grounds of desertion. Mr. R. Cor- ? mack. Instructed by Mr. M. dudes, appeared for the peti tloner. ' The plaintiff gave evidence that j he married the defendant at Goi- 1 donvale on July 11. 1937. There-1 after they lived at Little MulRrave for a year. Goondi for six months Liverpool Creek till April 1940, and then at Edmonton till Keb- ; ruary 25, 1948. There tvbs one \ child. Witness deposed that tie owned a cane farm at Edmonton. When he came home for dinner j on February 25, 1945. his wife and I child had gone. He made exten- 1 sivp inquiries, but did not hear of them again till March. 1946. when a Cairns solicitor Informed him that they were In Brisbane, and would be back In four or five weeks. However, when that time elapsed, they liaij not returned, and the solicitor had no further information about them. Witness reported the matter to the police, and shortly afterwards received a letter from hie wife, in which she said she did not think they could get along, and she would not Witness said that in June, 1946. a letter came for his wife. Ho opened it. Subsequently his wire wrote to him. saying she had been expecting a letter. Mr. Cormack, tendering the let ter, told his Honour that it men tioned that the writer had re ceived several letters from th- defendant; that th-- writer had previously Bent the defendant money; he had directed his bank to send 1000 dollars to her con sular addrese 'the Danish Con stllate-; It also mentioned the matter of a passport and tu clearance wun uie ioee ox going ? to Denmark first, and entering I Amei lea from there, and also a voyage down from Calms on the Fiona. I Witness continued that he wrote to the Immigration Depart ment and the Danish control in on effort to stop his wife If nvtng Aus tnUa with their son. He wan told thA court proreedingF would he secebuary, hut he did nnt have the necensaiy finance. So he wen* to Brisbane In 1946. and after dis cussions with hlK wife it was agreed that he 'witness I have custody or the boy Witness then nturned home with his «on. Witness added dial ror a couple of years before his wife left him, Amu Icons used to visit their house continually, iind his wjfe made no effort to stop them. 8hc r,Bd once been a receptionist In '.he American Embassy in Den mark. 'She spoke lour languages, and was a student of commercial art. She was not Interested in life on a .lUgar farm,' ultnest concluded. His Honour found thp facts a* allet-ed. and Rave Judgment Mai foi dissolution of tlir marriage, to be moved ahfolutr after the expiration of thie* month*. 