_ . " - ! ® A Victorian family of 14 brothers and sisters, whose ages total 982 years, is claiming the title of the oldest family in the world. Nearest rival seems to be a Finnish family whose ages total 866 years. r i The Vic. family are the children of Bertha and Henry Smartt. They are: Arthur 80 (now in Florida); Florence 79, Bertha 78, Esther '76, Eliza 75, Thomas 74, Alexander 72, Nathaniel 70, Mary 68, Mar tha 66, Ethel 64, Walter 62, Lois 60 and Samuel 58. Highest pay: Chief of the RAF Lord Ted der this year gets the highest salary ever paid to a British Service chief — £5062. Though the RAF is the "junior Ser vice" Tedder gets £413 more than the First Sea Lord (Lord Fraser) and £162 more than Army chief Field- Marshal Sir William Slim. . 3d lb. prawns: At the fish markets today, a retailer who didn't intend to buy anything, absent- mindedly bid 3d lb., when the auctioneer looked his way, and had 9001b. prawns knock ed down to him. Large prawns brought 5/4 lb, but the 9001b he found himself with were only good for bait. Long choke: Choking all the time for breath, a man with a block age in his windpipe was rush ed 250 miles in an ambulance from Naracoorte to Adelaide late yesterday for . an emer gency operation. Oxygen all the way helped keep him alive, but his condition was critical when he reached the hospital. Doctors rushed to his side. The man gave an agonised gasp— and coughed up a tooth. "Black" rice: Widespread rice thefts in dicate there's an organised gang operating and supplying the' blackmarket, said . the sec- retax-y of the Rice Equalisa tion Association (Mr. M. E. Farley) today. There were thefts almost daily, and many lestaurants and stores seemed to get regular supplies, which could only come from illegal sources. Royal conductor: King Frederick of Denmark yesterday conducted the Dan ish Symphony Orchestra in a private recording of the Over ture to Tannhauser. He is an accomplished musician. Hole in onev For the third time in his career, British open golf champion, Heni'y Cotton yes terday holed in one at Monte Carlo. Never had bath: The municipal council of Dassell, in Germany, yester day rejected a scheme for building a municipal bath house, pointing out that the town's oldest inhabitant had lived to 89 xoithout ever hav- ing a bath. Plenty of jobs: "Thousands of jobs are available for men who want to work," said Magistrate Bei-ry in Central Court to day, fining Brian Hollier, 32, £5' for stealing a shirt from Woolworth's. "Last Satur day, 2500 jobs were adver tised in Sydney," the SM added. Too successful: America's celebrated the atrical paper Variety says that the record - breaking musical show Oklahoma (now show ing in Melbourne) will prob ably never be filmed during the lifetime of its authors, Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II, because they are already in the highest tax bi'acket and can hardly afford to make any more money. Bard's blood: Miss Winifred Shakespeare, a descendant of the well- known literary gent, was among the 850 migrants who reached Melbourne in the Ranchi today. She said that her late "Uncle Bill" was the only one of the family with a flair for writing. "Offensive" term: The Launceston branch of the National Council of Women suggested last night that the term "White Austra lia Policy" be dropped, as it is offensive to the people of near Asian countries. As an alternative term they suggest ed "Established Immigration Policy." World citizens: GaiTy Davis, the 26-year- old ex-American bomber pilot who renounced his American citizenship and proclaimed ! himself the first "world citi- zen," revealed in Paris yes- 1 terday he'd / received 100,000 I applications from people who i wanted to become world citi- I zens too. I Wanted to die: | Frau Else Schmidt jumped j from her thwd floor window in Hamburg yesterday with ' Ijjer two-year-old son in her j arms. The little boy .was 1 killed. Frau Schmidt, badly injured, was carried back to ! her flat for treatment. As I soon as the doctor left, she I jumped agaim This time she f was killed. I Pakistan anthem: ! Pakistan Government offi - 1 cials can't make up their ' minds on the choice of words j and music for their new I xiational anthem, though they've listened for hours to the contributions of d,ozens of eager poets and musicians. A I committee of politicians is j now going to take over the f job of selection. j 