c Mews of the 3)au SANCTUARY State. Cabinet will be apked by the-- Chief Secretary (Mr. Leggatt) soon to determine whether the Government should take over control of the Sir Colin MacKenzie Sanctu ary, Healesville. Alternatively, he will suggest that the Government should provide a substantial grant to put the sanctuary in order. Mr. Leggatt said yesterday he had been impressed , during his recent visit to the sanctu ary by the possibilities of making it a national park or reserve In the event of the Government taking it over. Lack ,of funds in recent years had caused the sanctu ary to deteriorate, but it could be made a most attractive re sort if sufficient money were spent on it. A Listening Race Australians apparently are a "listening" race. At the end of December, 1948, 1.890,495 broadcast lis teners' licences were in force. These included 143,926 sup plementary licences held by persons possessing more than one receiver. Estimated on a family basis, about 6,000,000 are listeners. NO BID Not a single bid ' was made for an unoccupied new four- roomed timber villa put up for auction at Moc tmorency yes terday. The house, which had just been completed, was equipped for immediate occupation. The ground comprised one acre, and was 10 minutes rrom the rail way station. About one dozen people at tended the sale, which was con ducted by W. B. Simpson and Co. and J. G Chute.- u The auctioneers said later that they had not known of an empty house failing to bring keen- competition at auction lor many years. -v NATIONAL SWITCH Seven men of seven different nationalities will become the first naturalised Australians under the new Nationality and Citizenship Act, at a ceremony at Canberra today., . The men are Spanish, Dan ish, French, Yugoslav, Nor wegian, Greek arid Czech. During the ceremony, which will be performed by Mr.. Jus tice Simpson, of Canberra Su preme Court, :the candidates for nationalisation will be . wel comed by the Prime Minister (Mr. Chifley) and the Immi gration Minister (Mr. Cal- wcll) . ( Other Cabinet Ministers, members of Parliament and service chiefs also will attend. The seven candidates in clude:— New South Wales, Houl Marvig, 54 years, Dane, who came to Australia in 1916. Be is a musical instrument maker. From Tasmania comes Thiel Mnrstrand, 50, Norwegian, who reached Australia in 1945 after being interned by the Japanese in Malaya. He is a timber mill manager. Victoria is represented bv Michalos, Mavrokafalos, 34. Greek, a cafe proprietor. He has been in Australia since 1937. Jan Jandura Pucek, 34, a Czech eucalyptus distiller, came to Australia in 1939, and now resides in the Australian Capital Territory. Fish Rescue A fish rescue ' operation, said to be the first of its kind in Australia, has just been suc cessfully carried out In a mountain lake serving the Kiewa hydro-electric works. About 200 trout were threat ened with extinction when the State Electricity Commission decided to drain Lake Guy, near Bogong. Officers' of the Fisheries and Game department, however, went to the scene armed with nets, caught all the fish and released them downstream In the Kiewa River. Some of the trout weighed up to 4 lb. FORMER PRINCIPAL pri vate secretary to Britain's Foreign Minister (Mr. Bevin), Mr. F. Roberts has been appointed Deputy High Commissioner for the United Kingdom in India. Aged 41, he has worked in most countries of the world as Mr. Bevin's right-hand. man. 