Mindszenty and Bulgarian Trials Put On U.N. Agenda BITTER OPPOSITION BY SOVIET AND SATELLITES jsfEW YORK, April U.-The United Nations General Assembly has approved the inclusion in its agenda of the trials of the Hun garian Cardinal Mindszenty and Bulgarian Protestant church leaders. Thirty voted in favor, seven against and 20 abstained. Russian, Byelo-Russian, Polish, Czech and Jugoslav delegates denied the right of the United Nations to consider the trials. "Australia, Bolivia, and the 'United States, while hypocritically referring to the support of fundamental rights, areattempting to take under their wing Hun garian ana Bulgarian criminals who have chosen to betray their countries," Mr. Alexander Panyushkin (Russian ambassador to the United States) said. "They are trying to push the United Nations on the road of the defence of crime and connivance in treachery, thus furthering the neglect of hu man rights and fundamental freedomf." Mr. Kuzma Kisselev (Byelo- Russia) said behind the present proposals were "the designs of re actionary circles in' the United States and United Kingdom, who obviously want to please the Vat ican, and also want to encourage anti-Soviet and anti-democratic propaganda being conducted in unbridled fashion In the Press ol those countries." Interference Dr. Houdek (Czechoslovakia) said discussion of the trials w>rM be interference in the domestic affairs of Hungary and Bulgaria. Mr. (Jan Drohojowski (Poland) opposed any United Nations action. Mr. Drohojowski asked: Who Is coming to the rescue of the alleged violators of human rights in Hungary? From the Antipodes comes Australia, a' country whose original immigrants have almost entirely exterminated the abor igines. "As a matter of fact, Aus tralia seems to consider the remaining aborigines as zoo logical specimens." Mr. Drohojowski quoted from 'The World' almanac of 1949 to the effect that the aborigines of Northern Australia . were "the most primitive of all peoples, en tirely' nomadic, making fire with sticks, throwing boomerangs, killing game with spears." Aust. Arrests Mr. Drohojowski asked, "May I remind you- Australia has been settled since 1788. Furthermore, some arrests In Australia, and especially the arrest of Labor and trade union leaders, could also be brought to the attention of the Assembly In order to find out whether a charge of sedi tion is not a violation of human rights." . Mr. Norman Makin (Australia) said the General Assembly had undoubted jurisdiction in the Mindszenty case. The Australian delegation would take the oppor tunity in the committee stage to examine the facts of the case fully. Mr. Eduardo Malicnzo (Bol ivia) said the United Nations could not remain deaf, blind and dumb in the matter. Not In Favor Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden Indicated they were not in favor of discussing the trials, and they would abstain from voting. Mr. Gustav Rasmussen (Dan ish Foreign Minister), speaking on behalf of all four countries, said the trials had occasioned great concern in northern coun tries, as elsewhere. Their Gov ernments had considered the arguments on the subject, but did not think they should enter the discussion. The four Govern ments believed the matter first should bo treated as a subject under the peace trenties. 