i&e; Toryyy WsSWtiB<$£'CONY. | HP/IE ANNUAL RECURRENCE of Empire Day this week brings I -- back to memory the honour and respect that always centres around the memory of any monarch who reigns with justice and ivho is one with his subjects in the common experiences of life. Of this exalted type " Victoria the Good " stands out in the highest places of world-wide love and esteem. Mainly, I think, because she set a new type of national life and lived up to its highest ideals in her Royal home. She saw Britain growing stronger each century so long as she based her national life on adventurous living, with her navy and armies as the defenders of her Empire and of the weaker nations; with malice toivards none and peace and goodwill towards evgry living person. Like all her sister women who were I mothers, she had many a family sorrow and many frustrated family anticipations , but she rose above these with her simple faith and belief that a complete understanding would come to her. when, in the life after death, she would more clearly see the solution of many problems that had ivorried her in this life. JUST WHAT WOULD QUEEN VICTORIA THINK of the re cent changes in the structure of her Empire were she to return again on a short visit? I was asked this question the other day by a public man, who can see a mournful story being written in our political and social structures. Well, I think if the much loved Queen came back from her astral abode to this old earth of ours, she would make a shrewd appraisal of the Empire situ ation. I think she would say, "I notice, my dear ones, that you have all grown up and left the family home as I knew it, but I also notice that you are still guided by the same principles of love and freedom, and united in meeting any challenge to these, and that you have gone a long way towards the solution of the great social problems that worried me so much" when I was your Queen. You are different, of course — I notice that the girls do not now wear a multitude of red flannel petticoats and stiff bustles and cramping cor- sets — and, oh yes, I notice you are not ashamed to show your ankles, as we were in my days, and that you I have more freedom of thought and | action than girls had in the 18th century." ' AND I ALSO NOTICE that on the many occasions of national and Empire crises you stood side by side with the brave men of the Empire and that you adventured into war zones and did glorious work for the sick and suffering. I noted your girls driving heavy army lorries and their many activities, and I reflected that these girls of my old Empire are not decadent, but expressing national life in different terms than in my days, but that they can lead the world in devotion and self denial, to help preserve all those things that make life decent and noble. I have popped in at your Red Cross meetings and your aux iliary Hospital meeting. I have walked in the wards of your child- ren s hospitals and m tne e.w.A. and Baby Health centres, and felt proud that my great-great-grand daughters are worthy of the ideals that they stand for." And in part ing she might say, "I must hurry back to my astral home to have tea with Edith Caviil and Florence Nightingale and all the other great women who have carried on the great British traditions, and there I will wait for the coming, one by one, of these, my daughters." # 5 $ I AM STILL HARD PUT to at times appreciate the little Aus tralian mind of many of our leading citizens. Every other coun try but our s is doing great things, i but in their opinion Australia is hurrying to her doom. Once we lose faith in our great heritage and: future we become a weight on pro gress. We have our problems, but i we have also our great achievements well written in all world wars and in every sphere of adventure. If we would more frequently raise our eyes from the mud puddles to the stars above we would take a more hopeful outlook upon life. We have our problems no doubt, but are we i not equal to the solution of these, if | we do our best and seek divine guid- i ance? .n m A NATURALISED AUSTRIAN WOMAN, who lias Jieen in Aus tralia for 25 years, writes a letter of gratitude to the Sydney press for the happiness she has en joyed amongst us. She writes: "I came to your country a stranger and not understanding your language and customs. I was given congenial work with good pay. Every one was kind to me and all helped me by friendliness and goodwill. Now I am over 60 years of age and your Gov ernment has given me a pension of nearly £2 per week and I, can still earn another £1 by work. Is there any other country in the world that could have treated me like this?" And echo replies: "There just isn't." , » i SIMILARLY a Danish family who had lived for many years in Australia and felt homesick, went home to Denmark. Like all the rest of grown up folk, this family found that the Denmark as they .imagined in youth was now quite different — the country was so crowd- j ed that there was no room to move = around and there was also practic- ally no room anywhere for expan- I sion. Thoughts of Australia's sunny = climate and wide open spaces made | them homesick for their adopted jj country, and back the whole family | came to begin life again here | amongst us. I have no doubt that | the majority of the immigrants now coming to Australia will form the | same opinion in days to come. I IN MY PERSONAL ( JUDGEMENT | the Liberal-Country Party lead- | ers are making huge mistakes S by giving consistent support to Jack Lang in his attacks upon the Gov- ernment. A politician, and former | Premier, who almost created chaos | in New South Wales, and was dis- | missed by the Governor from office, | is not the kind of man that should | gain support from leaders of a great | political combination, who are as- f piring to the government benches | after the coming Federal elections. That, and the implied support by the | Liberal- Country Party to vital in- f terference with the White Australia policy, is going to strike the death knell to the future of the two parties, f The action of the Kyogle R.S.L. sub- = branch in sending a letter of protest = against the admission of aliens to | Australia may be taken as an indica- = tion of how the returned soldiers i are viewing the position. - 