TRIALS OF CHURCHMEN ON U.N.AGENDA Bitter Opposition by Soviet Bloc -NEW YORK, Apr. 12 (A.A.P.).-The United Nations General Assembly to-day approved of the inclusion in its agenda pf the trials of the Hungarian Cardinal Mindszenty and the Bulgarian Protestant Church leaders, 30 voting in favour and seven against. Twenty abstained. The Russian, Byelorussian, Polish, Czech and Jugoslav delegates denied-the right of die United Nations to consider the trials. "Australia, Bolivia and the United States, while hypocritically referring to their support of fundamental rights, are attempt- ing to take under their wing Hungarian and Bulgar- ian criminals who had chosen to betray their coun- tries," M. Alexander Panyushkin, the Russian Am- bassador to the United States, said. "They are try- ing to push the United Nations on the road of the defence of crime, and connivance in treachery, thus furthering the neglect of human rights and funda- mental ^freedoms." UNWARRANTED INTERFERENCE. M. Kuzma Kitseley (Byelo Russia) said that behind the pres- ent proposal were "the designs of the reactionary circles in the United States and the United Kingdom, who obviously want to please the Vatican, and also want to encourage the anti-Soviet and anti-Democratic propaganda being conducted in unbridled fashion in the Press of those countries." Dr. Houdek (Czechoslovakia) said that discussion of the trials would be an interference in the domestic affairs of Hungary and Bulgaria M. Jan Drohojowski (Poland) opposed . ? any. . United Nation« action. He asked: "Who is coming to the rescue of the alleged viola- tors of human rights in Hungary? From the Antipodes comes Aus- tralia, a country whose original immigrants nave almost entirely exterminated the aborigines. As a matter of fact, Australia seems to consider the remaining aborigines as zoological specimens." POLAND ACCUSES AUS- TRALIA. He quoted from the World Almanac of 1940, to the effect that the aborigines of Northern Aus- tralia were "the most , primitive of all peoples; entirely nomadic, making Bra with sticks, throwing boomerangs, . lolling gains with spears," and then asked: "May I nmhAyynvt-^tMt Australia -bas beecrtftrtUed since 178ST Further- more some arrests in Australia,, and especially the arrest of labour I and trade union leaders, could siso ne brought te rae attention of th«, Assembly in order to find out whether s charge of sedition is not s violation of human rights." Hr. Norman J.° Makin (Aus- tralia) said the General Assembly J had undoubted jurisdiction in the! Mindssenty case. The Australian delegation would take , the oppor- tunity, in the committee stage, to examine the facts of .the cass fully. ^ ' ? M. Eduardo Matienso (Bolivia) said the United Nations could not remain deaf, blind and dumb in this matter. SCANDINAVIA ABSTAINS. Denmark, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden indicated that they were not in favour of discussing the trials, and that they would abstain from voting. Mr. Gustav Rasmussen, the Danish Foreign Minister, speak- ing on behalf of all four coun- tries, said that the. trials had occasioned great concern' in the northern countries, as elsewhere. Their Governments had" considered the arguments on the subject, but did not think they should enter the discussion. The four Govern- ments believed that, the matter first should be treated as a sub- ject under the peace treaties. 