Opposition to U.N.O. Debate on Pastors FLUSHING (New York), Wed. (A.A.P.) ; Hungary and Bulgaria have protested to the United Nations General As sembly against the proposed debate on the trials of the Hungarian Primate, Cardinal Mindszenty, and 15 Bulgarian Protestant Dastors. THE protests were m the form of a cable which was placed before delegates who are due to approve the steering committee's recom mendation that U.N.O. in vestigate the trials. The protests were based on the grounds that inclusion of the trials In the Assembly's agenda would be an unjustified Interference In the internal affairs of the States con concerned. Russian. Byelo-Russian, Polish. Czech delegates denied the right of U.N.O. to consider the trials while Denmark, Iceland, Nor way and Sweden indicated they were not In favor of discussing the trials and would abstain. The Danish Foreign Minister (Gustav Rasmussen) said the four Governments believed the matter should be treated as a subject under th? peace treaties. Charge Refuted Replying to a charge by Alexander Panyushkln (Russia) that Australia. Bolivia and the United States 'while hypocriti cally referring to support of fundamental rights ere at tempting to take Hungarian and Bulgarian criminals under their wings', Australia's Norman Makln said that the General Assembly had undoubted Juris diction In the Mindszenty case and Australia's proposal that it be place on the Assembly's agenda had been made in good taith. Edward Matienzo, of Bolivia, said that the United Nations could not remain deaf, blind and dumb in the- matter. Bolivia, he added, was ready to prove that Hungary has stifled all religious associations and institutions for religious educa tion and welfare. These threats to human so ciety were of concern to U.N.O. 'Religious beliefs and creeds are involved here,' he said. Australia Attacked During the bitter Soviet bloc opposition to the proposal, Poland's Jan Drohojowskl asked: 'Who is coming to the rescue of alleged violations of human rights In Hungary? Prom the Antipodes comes Australia, a country whose original Immi grants have almost entirely exterminated the aborigines. AS a matter of fact, Australia seems to consider the remaining aborigines as zoological speci mens.' He asked: 'May 1 remind you that Australia has been settled since 1788. Furthermore, some arrests in Australia, and especially the arrest of labor and trade union leaders, could also be brought to the atten tion of the Assembly in order to find out whethei a charge of sedition is not a violation -ot human rights and, If so, whether human rights have not been violated?' 