, Manjimup C.W.A. Celebrate Birthday Greetings-were received from Bridgetown, Pemberton, Nyamup, Northcliffe, Jardee, Deanmill and Ya^rnah, and representatives from most of "those branches were present last Wednesday When the Manjimup Branch of the Country Women's Association celebrated its eighteenth birthday anniversary. In the chair was Mrs. A, McKay, foundation president of the i Branch and recently re-elected to) the presidency after a "rest" from the position. Mrs. McKay welcomed the visitors, who included the SW Divisional President, Mrs. Buchanan. After expressing pleasure at the opportunity of being present on an occasion so happy. Mrs. Buchanan, spoke of the great work being done by the CWA. There were 8,000 members in WA, -she said, and new* branches were being formed all the time. t The CWA was a world-wide organisation, with twenty-nine countries, participating, -and every three years representatives of those countries met together to forge a link in world fellowship. In Western Australia, there were seven Divisions, but this arrangement was proving inadequate, and it was likely that the next Conference would bring a change, possibly by the creation of more Divisions. . A great bond in the CWA was I the exchange of views on a friendly basis. With the arrival ' in Australia of a large 'number of DPs and immigrants, the CWA had unrivalled opportunities to extend the hand of friendship, and it was hoped that these opportunities would not be lost. Recently a Danish girl had been made welcome at Northcliffe, and a Dutch woman at Burekup. Appealing for clothes for the children of Europe and England, •Mrs. Buchanan said that Mrs. Hudson, of Bunbury, was collecting clothes for children of up to five years, and would welcome gifts. Th.e scope of activities within tfte CWA was a wide one, Mrs. Buohanan continued. Handicrafts, basket-making, leather work, glove and slipper making could all be . f I i taught, and instructors would be sent from South-West Headquarters on request. In conclusion, Mrs. Buchanan, again expressed pleasure in being present and hoped that all would have a happy time. •Community singing and individual items were the main features of entertainment during the afternoon, with afternoon tea also enjoyed. i Those to contribute towards the enjoyment of the occasion included Mrs. L. McGuire singing "The Creed," the Bridgetown CWA choir singing' "Sweet and Low" and "Missouri Waltz," Mrs. Langley (Pemberton) reciting "Old Man's Plea" and "When Washing Day is Wet," Mrs. Tobin (Pembertoa.) singing "The Sunshine of Tour Smile" and "Little Grey Home in the West," Mary Whitelaw dancing the "Highland Fling" arid "Sheantrubis,'' Mrs.Whitelaw singing. -'That, Dear Home of Mine" and "Galway Bay," Mrs. and Mary Whitelaw in a Scottish sketch "Red Toorie," Lionel Dennis (Jardee) singing 'April Showers," Mrs. Dennis singing "My Own Wee House." Highlight of the day was the cutting of the birthday cake which, for the eighteenth, year in succession, was made and iced by Mrs. McKay. The candles were lit by Mrs. Buchanan, and the cake was cut by Mrs; Ralph, to the accompaniment of appropriate music, Mrs. Sherrington presented .shoulder sprays to Mrs. Buchanan and Mrs. Cheetham, and Mrs. McKay received a shoulder spray from Mrs. M. Clarson, 