JOINT STAFF TALKS: British and American Saint chiefs of staff meeting in London to discuss defence matters arising from the North Atlantic Treaty and the Western Union. From lett/Major-Gen. A. M. Gruenther, Director« U.S. Joint Staff; General Hoyt S. Vandenberg, Chief of Staff. U.S. Air Force; General Omar N. Bradley. Chief of Staff. U.S. Army; Admiral Louis E. Denfeld, Chief of Naval Operations (U.S.); Marshal of the R.A.F. Lord Tedder. Chief of the Air Staff; Field Marshal Sir William 611m, Chief of the Imperial General Staff; Admiral of the Fleet Lord Fraser, First Sea Lord; Air Marshal Sir William Elliott. Chief Staff Officer to the Minister of Defence. FREE WIQS: Since Ire» wigs have become part of britain's Health Service, over 8,000 persons have applied for this benefit. The making of wigs is a complicated arid expensive art, and so far only 2,600 stave been supplied. Above, a customer is being íKtt*d with a scalpette at a London wig-makers. FIRST JET AIRLINER: The world's iirst Jet-driven airliner, the De Havilland Comet, which successfully underwent preliminary trials in England last week. The plane's cruising speed is 500 miles an hour at a height of 40,000 feet and it is designed to carry 36 passenger with a crew of four. Sixteen Comets have been ordered and are expected to be in service by 1952. Dwarfed in the foreground ls a DK108 faster-than-sound experimental plane. EUROPE'S DEFENCES: Significant state- ments on Europe's defences were made during the week. Because the shield of Western Europe's armies was no longer effective, the United States was open to attack as never before in its history, the Secretary of State (Mr. Ache- son) told a' joint meeting of the Senate Armed Forces and Foreign Relations Committees. "Merely taking attitudes" would not remedy West- ern Europe's defences which were a "soft shell," he said. He added that he would resist Congres- sional efforts to cut President Truman's £443, 500,000 arms aid programme. On the same day, in the House of Representatives, Brig|.-Gen. Bon- ner Fellers (retired), who 'served on General MacArthur's staff, declared that the United States should give no large-scale military aid to Europe now but should promise to blast Russia with air power in the event of Russian aggression. He said that it would be a very great blunder to engage the Red Army on the ground because Russia's manpower reserves and natural conditions favoured her in the field. Nothing could stop the Red Army from taking over Europe if it made a move and it would be better not to resist a ground invasion because resistance would result in the destruction of Europe. Meanwhile, General de Lattre de Tassigny, of France, Commander-in-Chief of the Western Union land forces under Field Marshal Mont- gomery, said that their aim was to defend all five union nations. He added: "Statements imply- ing that Field Marshal Montgomery's idea is to withdraw defence outside the Continent are com- pletely without foundation.** WEST GERMAN ELECTIONS: Germans in the Western zones went to the polls last weekend to elect a new West German Federal Parliament the first to be freely elected since 1933. Clashes between extreme Right-wing parties and Social Democrats occurred in the British zone on the eve of the election, but otherwise the poll went off quietly. A last-minute effort hy neo-Nazis to keep Germans from the polls was reported in Dusseldorf. Members of the "Union of Independent Germans" pasted signs over political posters reading: "Mil- lions of independent Germans do not want part- ies. We urge an electoral strike." The union is a group of industrialists, ex-generals and lawyers and is believed to have a large Nazi following. The elections resulted in the return of the Right-wing parties and the formation of a coalition Cabinet under Dr. K. Adenauer (Christ- ian Democrat). The leader of the Communist Party (Herr Max Reimann) was badly defeated. ARMY COUP IN SYRIA: A swift military coup in Syria resulted in the shooting of the Presi . dent (Col. Husni Zaim) and the Premier (Mr. Mohsen Barazi) and the assumption of power by Col. Sami Hinnawi, one of the President's former officers. Col. Zaim had seized power in a blood- less coup last March, when he acted as pro- visional Premier until a referendum in June, when he became President and appointed Mr. Barazi as Premier. In a proclamation over the signature of Col. Hinnawi after Col. Zaim and the Premier had been executed, it was stated that the Syrian Army had acted "to save the country from a tyrant." A new Cabinet has been formed with 80-year-old Hashem Atassy Pasha, a former Pre- sident, as Prime Minister. WARNING TO RED CHINA: A blunt warn- ing to Communist China against attempting "to engage in aggression against China's neighbours" has been given by the United States through the Secretary of State (Mr. Acheson). The Commun- ist leaders, Mr. Acheson said, had forsworn their Chinese heritage and haa publicly announced their subservience to Russia which, during the past 50 years, under Czars and Communists alike, had been most assiduous in its efforts to extend its control in the Far East. The United States be- lieved that China would reassert itself and throw off the foreign yoke. "I consider," Mr. Acheson said, "that we should encourage all developments in China which, now and in ' the future, work towards this end." RED GRIP LESSENING? Signs of hardening against Communist infiltration could be read from several events of the week. In Australia, the Communist-inspired coal strike collapsed, and on our own doorstep, the State Congress of the Aus- tralian Labour Party decided that no union with * Communist-controlled executive caa ba HOPES FOR FUTURE: He believed the world had seen the worst of its post-war political crises and there were brighter times ahead, the Secretary General of the United Nations Organisation (Mr. Trygve Lie) told Danish workers last Sunday. RICE FROM WHEAT: The Collie power alcoholic distillery, which' is to be purchased by the State Government for the production of synthetic rice. It is hoped to process yearly 79.000 tons of wheat; and 51.600 tons of synthetic rice. 3UÛ0 tons of ordinary bran, and 15,000 tons of high quality cooked bran will be produced. The bran will be a valuable contribution to the State's requirements of stock iood, while the synthetic rice will find a ready market in the Near East and the Philippines. affiliated with the State branch of the A.L.P. In London, the Burmese Foreign Minister (U Maung) declared that what little grip the Com- munists had on Burma was lessening, while the British Government had matters in Malaya well in hand. He added: "I don't think we have any reason in our part of the world to worry about Communism just now. Pakistan is not likely to go Communist. There may be Communist ele- ments in India, but T don't think they would be able to hold the people's imagination. The same remark applies to Burma. Siam is not likely to go Communist, and Ceylon is fairly secure." From China, came a claim by a Nationalist military spokesman that nearly 240,000* Chinese peasants had revolted against the Communists in the central provinces. There were also signs of collapse in the Communist political system, the spokesman said. RECREATION: "A healthy society should not tolerate gross inequalities in the provision of opportunities for wholesome physical recreation," said the Archbishop of Canterbury (Dr. Fisher) at a special service in Canterbury Cathedral for the silver jubilee appeal of the Kent Playing Fields Association, which was attended by Princess Eliza- beth and the Duke of Edinburgh, who read the first lesson. The Archbishop complained that many young people today were denied the proper opportunity for games and had nothing but the back street in which to play. A contributory cause of juvenile crime, he said, was often the lack of healthy means of occupying idle time and idle thoughts. COMMONWEALTH "NEW AUSTRALIANS": To assist in the happy assimilation of new settlers, expressions such* as "Balts," "displaced persons" or "D.P.Y* should be outlawed, said the Minister for Immigra- tion (Mr. Calwell), in a plea for public coopera- tion in the Commonwealth's drive to abolish such terms. In Australia, he said, these people were no longer displaced persons. They were new- comers, new settlers or, preferably, new Austra- lians. COAL STRIKE ENDED: After having caused an estimated loss of over £33,000,000 in wages and some £100,000,000 in goods not produced, the nationwide coal strike ended when the miners resumed work last Monday. The strike lasted for seven weeks and resulted in a production lag that must take many months to overtake. But the set- back to industry may be offset to some extent by the awakening of the Australian people-including union members-to. Communist tactics, and by the possibility that more settled industrial con- ditions may now result. In a broadcast on Sun- day, the Prime Minister (Mr. Chifley) called on the rank and file of the Miners* Federation io rid themselves of their Communist leaders. The de- termined efforts" of all those who adhered to the principles of arbitration during the strike had succeeded, he said. He added that the Joint Coal Board would push on with the expansion of open- cut mining and with its plans for complete mech- anisation of the coal industry. Plant for this purpose, worth £-2,000,000, had been ordered locally and overseas. The Coal Board has an- nounced that troops are to be used to develop new t>pen-cut mines, and it is estimated that the long- term programme of mechanisation and open-cut working will meán an ultimate increase of 7,000,000 to 8,000,000 tons of coal a year. STATE PUBLIC HEALTH: In an erTort to improve health and hospital conditions in the State, the Government intends to appoint a health council of ten, the Minister for Health (Mr. Abbott) announced last week. The council will comprise eight members of the practising medical profes- sion, a layman representing State local authori- ties, and the Commissioner of Health (Dr. C. E. Cook) as chairman. It is also proposed to review the Health Act with a view to giving local auth- orities as much administrative power as possible in their districts. UNIONISTS AND UNIONS: It was the duty of union members to take an interest in union affairs and to attend their union meetings if they wished to avoid undesirable elements getting con- trol of their organisations, the State president of the Australian Labour Party (Mr. C. H. Webb) told delegates to the 22nd biennial Congress of the party in Western Australia. The Communist inspired coal strike, he added, would have served a useful purpose if it awakened unionists to their responsibilities to their unions. Union members should be alert and vigilant. MINISTER MEETS ITALIANS: During hi* stay In W.A. last week, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Calwell) visited migrant camps, kissed the children, and was entertained by settlers from other lands. Above, he is seen (centre) mounting a dais to address members of the Italian Club In Perth. On the right ls the president of the club (Mr. J. A. del Piano), and at left. Mr. H. E. Graham. M.L.A. PIPING ALOFT: "Jolly sailor-girl aloft" and piping in the rigging of the old wooden training ship Foudroyant ls 17-year-old Mary McBridge, of Worth- ing, Sussex, a leading cadet of the Girls' Nautical Training Corps. 