CABLES IN {BRIEF (A.A.P.) Neolithic Discovery ' LONOOtf , Tuesday: A chain- 1 bered tomb, believed to belong to the Neolithic Early Bronze Age, was discovered yesterday during excavations on a hous ing site near Laugharne Castle, in Carmarthenshire (Wales). Removal of the top slab disclos ed n human skeleton which experts estimate to be nearly 3000 years old. Search Planes Return NEW YORK, Tuesday: Snow and poor visibility yesterday forced the return to Greenland of four American military planes which were searching for survivors from the Danish motor vessel, Ebba, which sank southwest of Greenland earlier In the day. Hie coastguard cutter. Owasco, is continuing the search in heavy seas. More Riots in S. Africa DURBAN, Tuesday: Morel unrest between Africans and Indians In the Cato Manor area of Durban has resulted in seven arrests. An Indian curry factory was set on fire, and large stocks of spices and condiments were destroyed during the disturbances, in which large bricks were thrown at ir.aian puses ana Aincan passengers were pulled out of Indian buses and assaulted. U.S. and Refugees WASHINGTON, Tuesday:— The United States was today asked to provide more funds to ! assist refugees who have fled irom soviet bioc countries, a eroup of exiled European anti Comn.unist leaders who con ferred with the Assistant Sec retary of State (Mr. Rusk) also requested that immigration laws be eased to permit more refugees to enter the U.S. Hungarian Elections LONDON, Tuesday: A 'com- plete and glorious victory' for the Hungarian Popular Front is announced by the Hungarian Government following the week end elections in Hungary. A Government announcement said that the Opposition vote ap peared to have been between! four and five per cent, of the1 total votes cast. i First Barge into Berlin | BERLIN, Tuesday: First , barge Into Berlin since the blockade was Imposed 10 months ago arrived yesterday at the Charlottenburg Canal check-point, in the British sec tor of the capital. She carried 100 tons of mixed cargo for Western Berlin. Her arrival re opened the last of the traffic lanes closed by the blockade. Spain Still Ostracised FLUSHING (N.Y.) Tuesday: A resolutlnn roTUnor far thB turn of ambassadors to Madrid was defeated in the U.N.O. Gen eral Assembly when it failed to obtain the required two-thirds majority. Twenty-six nations voted in favor of the resolution, but 15, Including Australia, op posed it, and there were 16 ab stentions. Mr. Makln (Aust.) told the Assembly that the Spanish regime was not demo cratic, political prisoners had nov been freed, and there was not1 complete religious freedom for all denominations. V 'Libya for Libyans'#^ TRIPOLI, Tuesday: In a fresh demonstration yesterday against the proposal to place Tripolltanla under Italian trusteeship in 1951, about 2000 people gathered outside British Military Administration head quarters chanting 'Libya for the Libyans.' They were dis persed by the police without casualties, but the civil dis obedience campaign continued all day. Italian Socialists LONDON, Tuesday: Italy's Socialist Party has been unani mously expelled by the Inter national Socialist Conference meeting In Holland, following news that the pro-Communist faction of the Italian group, led by Pietro Nennl. has gain ed control. The International Committee has appointed a com mittee to go to Italy to help Democratic Socialist groups opposed to Communism. 