"20,000,000 P Needed To Hold a de anrA r Australia," Says Warning by Minister for Immigration CONSIDERED DISPLACED PERSONS GOOD TYPES Speaking at Benalla for the first time on Friday evening at a dinner tendered him by the Mayor (Cr. F. R. Harrison), at which a representative gathering of Benalla people were present at the C.W.A. hall, the Minister for Immigration (Hon. A. A. Calwell) issued the warning that if they failed to popu. late thi country, another people'totally alien to their way of living would take it. He considered if they wished to hold Australia, they would at least want 20 million people. He delivered one of the most in teresting addresses ever heard by Benalla citizens, touching 'mainly on the immigration policy of the Federal Government. Mr Calwell, who left a lasting impression, in believing that Displaced Persons would prove a great acquisition to this country, urged Benalla people to play their part with the arrival of those unfortunate people at the Benalla Air School in August. Address Of Welcome By Mayor Inspiring The gathering was-presided over by the Mayor, who was heard at his best in his words of welcome. After apolo gLfing for the absence of the Hlon. J. McEwen and Senator Devlin, both of whowm were attending a function at 4 Violet Town that night, the Mayo: I said It was a pleasure and privilege to be able to extend a hearty welcome to the Minister to the town and disn rict, because he came at a period when he was particularly busy on par- 1 liamentary duties. He caine to give i them first-hand information of the dis- 1 placed persons' camp to be established t in Benalla. The incoming people should be in the best interests of not only t Australia, but of their town and dis trict. There were some doubts in the minds of some people regarding ,the Govern. ment's immigration policy, and because of that he thought it an advantage to arrange a visit of the Minister to their town so that he could make a full explanation of the whole of the scheme. By his visit, they could say, t that he had seen fit to come and do £ a job, and 'they, therefore, looked 1 forward to hear what he had to say. The Mayor said that amongst those present were not only individual work ers, but representatives of bodies and societies who contributed to the town's welfare, and tlhe Ministers of relig ion, all of who were represented that night, With the arrival of displaced per sons, they would look at It from at humanitarian viewpoint, as they were strangers arriving in a strange land. He said it behoved them to criticike before they knew all the facts. They might know nine of them, but if they missed out on the tenth to set then, right, there was that misdirected crli cism which did not allow them to I judge for themselves. All parties in Parliament had supported the immi gration policy, and it was only the details which were grossly misrepre se?ted. The Mayor reminded hil list eners that the displaced persons camne from Nordic stock, and it had been recognised that wherever they na, domociled in the past, they had givee. in great impetus to that country. . If those displaced persons were will ing to pay the price in coming to this country and help them In some of their I work and people here accepted them, 1 then they would also make a contri bution to the country. The Mayor brought before the not ice of the Minister the splendid fac ilities which Benalla offered, and as sured him that the town was not asking for Government assistance, as was the case in Wangaratta, where a Government owned building was turned over to a factory. They were glad to feel that the facilities placed at Benalla for war needs would not be wasted, but would be turned to their use. He thereupon extended a most cordial welcome to tile Minister on behalf of the citizens. Interesting Address By Minister After informing the gathering that he had been Minister for Information for six years and Immigration Minis ter for four years, Mr Caldwell sald that while Australians possessed the capacity for criticising, and liked to disagree, there was less real division in Australia than in any other coisn try. There was not the disparity of dlstibution of wealth like in other parts of the world. The bi:terncss was on the surface and not in deep, as they worked for the good of the na tion, and their opinions were subord inated in the common good. Only [Four Ships Available In 1904 Touching on the question of immi gration, the Minister said that in 1040 when he was Minister, the first prob lem was to get, ships and he could only get four, which were only tourist vessels and migrants came under the "assisted passage scheme." As part of the rehabilitation in 1916 the Government arranged for the dis charge in Australia of 2800 young inme. of *the British Navy, and on their dit charge only 80 of that number re turned, most of which were due i" family ties. In 1947 they were told they could get 9000 migrants fromn Great lrit aln, and in 1948, berths were nmade available for 3000. Up to 1949, they had thirteen complete migrant ships, while the Government ar ranged for a percentage of berths on other ships. The largest ship this year brought 7000 fromn Great Britain. Touching on the co-operation which the Federal Government received from the States, the Minister- said they had an arrangement whereby each State took the responsibility with free and assisted migrants nominated, the States supplying the priority lists of trades required by each, and migrants of required occupations were brought ,to Australia according to ,the economic position of the respective States, H11gh Standard Of Cultural i)evelopment Of I).P's. Referring to displaced persons, the Minister said they were the unfortunates who refused to live be bind the "iron curtain" again. Amongst them were many who fol lowed professions and were artis ans of a high standard of cultural development. They came mostly from the coun tries along *the Baltic Sea, and they were pensons who had been pushed around, working as slave labor up to the time the war ceased. Displaced Persons Splendid Types Mr Caldwell said that when le vis ited Europe in 1947, there were 800,000 people in displaced persons' camps.In Germany and Austria, and after meet Ing them he realised they were splen did types. After referring to his trip to Lon don on the mission of the Federal Government to negotiate for the bring ing of 12,000 D.P's. a year to Aus tralla through the International Re fugee Organisation, Mr Calwell said that Australia offered to pay £10 per head towards the cost. He agreed to take 1000 of them a month. Contributed To Development And Safety Of Austirla By tating such action in bring. ing such a good type of migrants In D.P's. to this country, MIr Cal well said he considered he was con tributing to the development and safety of this country. Looking back over two years, he said that when his colleague:, asked him on his return who t. , alts were, he assured them that they were an excellent type of people, and capable of becoming good Australians. The Minister related a very inter esting experience which he had in one of the camps which he went to while in Germany. Meeting a girl there, she said she would like to come to Aus tralia, and along with 40 others whom she got together, they were brought to this country. The girl was now on his Ministerial staff at Canberra, hav ing been there for the past 18 months. Tremendous Migration Scheme After stating that the average age of the first contingent of migrants was 25 years, Mr Calwell said he re ceived a cable from the International Relief Organisation stating they might finish up in 18 months. He then went to the Prime Minister with the pro posal that owing to not being able to get ships to bring British migrants, that they bring 118,000 to Australia In 18 months, commencing from the 1st January, 1949. He pointed out to the Prfine Minister that with Army and Air Force huts, young girls could assist in hospitals; men could be engaged in timber mills providing _necessary timber for the P.M.G., Railways and other depart ments; while others could be absorb ed in private enterprise, and some could be used even in wool sheds. The Prime Minister agreed, and the mig rants to come to Australia for the 18 months will comprise: 110,000' D.P's., 100,000 British migrants, and 20,000 to 30,000 miscellaneaus migrants (Bel gians, Danish girls who married Dutch soldiers and people from France). The Minister said it was the greatest influx into Australia in its history, and was pleased to see the arrival of 250,000 new Aus tralians. With births over deaths, Australia's population would rise 150,000, which would mean a total population rise of 400,000. Scheme Not Without Dlimlcultles Mr Calwell said the :,hceme was not without dilnclltits e.ur wlthrut its dangers, but he reminded his listeners that their country was made by their grandfathers, who sailed 13,000 miles from countries of their origin. They sailed in windjammers, taking three months to make the journey, and ar rived with stout hearts. They had no government to pay their passages; no social services and amenities, and lived in tents. Nevertheless, they had the essentials which counted-the love of families, and determination to suc ceed, and leave the land as a monu ment to their own courage. They were all thankful to them for leaving behind the best land on earth (loud applauase). Wanted 20 Millions To Hold Their Country After stating that they had Ilous Ing dificulties to overcome, Mr Calwell emphasised that they must build up their population to at least 20 millions, or Australia would not be held by their on children's children. They fully realised the perilU 0: isolation was over when the Japs canme close during the war. Unless they de veloped the country to its capacity it would be lost, to be lost only once. Scheme Accepted Mr Calwell said he had the great satisfaction that the scheme was ac ceptable by the majority of the Aus tralian, and despite the fate of any government, it would be carried on. He said tile scheme was a co- opera .tive effort, and one which all Auss trallans should share. He had nothing but help from all political, religious, . the R.S.L., Air Force Association, Leg ion of Ex-Servlcemen, Trades Unions, Chamber of Commerce and other org anisations, all of which bodies have s sent back to him unanimous reports indicating they were behind the scheme., He was specially thankful for the sasistance whilh hb had rgcelved from the various religious denomlnl tions in their desire to help. He then appealed to all present to give every assistance to himself, or whoever the Minister of Immigration may be in the future. He was supported in his remarks by Mr Bartrop, chairman of the Decen tralisation Committee of Victoria, af *ter which a vote of thanks was ac corded the speakers by Cr. Say. A vote of thanks to the ladies was responded to by Mrs Jenkyn on behalf of the C.W.A. ladies, who provided a delicious dinner, 