ATLANTIC PACT PROGRESS LATEST CABLES AND TELEGRAMS The "Macleay Argus" is a subscriber to the Australian As sociated Press, which, provides the overseas news in this issue. OPPOSITION FROM COMMUNISTS washington, Friday . The , United States does not in tend to participate in the fore seeable future in further region al pacts — either for the Mediter- ranean or Far Eastern areas — to supplement the North Atlantic treaty: This is authoritatively learned by Renter, which quotes North Atlantic diplomats here as also saying categorically that no further regional pacts to back up the Atlantic treaty are contem plated or under discussion. Consensus of diplomatic opin ion appears to be that the terms and implications of the Atlantic Pact make such regional treat ies unnecessary. European Communists, mean while, are keeping up a barrage of criticism, and British Commun ists have issued a statement as serting "To save peace, we must combat and repudiate the Atlan tic Pact, organise mass demon strations against it, demand of every member of parliament to vote against ratification of the pact, and rally to the support of the Paris world conference of peace." In Rome, Communist ; Senator Pastore claimed in a Senate de bate on the pact that the Pope had given the Prime Minister, De Gasperi "ordyrs that Italy must join the Atlantic Pact." He ad ded, "This is one of. the most ser ious interventions by the Vatic-; an." <. In DenmavK, the Danish lower house has authorised the Gov ernment to ratify the pact with out further approval -of Parlia ment. U.S.A. FLOODS 4 \- NEW YORK, Friday ISix thousand people are in the path of flood waters threatening Port Allen area of Louisiana, near which, the Mississippi Riy- er yesterday broke through the levee. Only the high; embank-:; ments of the ; Missouri— Pacific' railroad are holding back flood- waters from Port - Allen, where; the population of 3500 has been swollen by refugees from outly ing, areas, but police say there, is no immediate threat to the town.. There have been no ..reports , yet of casualties, but damage to sug ar cane crop; livestock and other: property is expected to run into - hundreds of thousands of dollars. The Coastguard has sent 20 boats to the area and" an army: of helicopters is also being rush ed to the scene.. P QUEENSLAND FLOODS further heavy rains . BRISBANE, Friday. Heavy rain over most jf Queensland has worsened n , the. flood position and threatened; new areas with flood. './'/Cfe' Last night rivers in the ;: far north ' and Carpentaria districts were'rising and close to bursting their banks. The floodbound south-west was further inundated by local falls of up to four inches and the run off. from the central interior. Jtindah, Boulia and Thargomln- dah were isolated, by .flood wat ers of the Bulloo and Thompson Rivers. : BROKEN HILL/ Friday Further rain inT, the north "west has held up. the food air lift to people driven, out of homes, by the flood a- few weeks ago. ; How ever; little concern, is felt at pres ent as at least ; a week's supplies have : already been flown to the main supply base at Tibooburra 'and distributed; B.M A. DEFENCE / \- MELBOURNE, Friday . The Victori&n; president of the B.M.A., Doctor . Lamphee, said the BiM.A. Federal Council would protect, any doctor whom the Fed eral Government prosecuted; SHARKEY CASE trades council advises against disruption SYDNEY, Friday The N.S.W. Trades and Labour Council last night directed un ionists to boycott any stop- work meetings called to protest ag ainst- the prosecution of the Com munist Party Leader, Mr -Shark-, ey.' ; . The "Labour . Council's decision was carried by 117 votes to 65, after an .80 minute rowdy deb? ate in which right wing and left wing delegates frequently clash ed. Some speakers could not be heard above the uproar, in which people in the public gallery join- .ed. ' . ; . ; In Melbourne also last night the Trades Hall Council, decided to advibe the" Unions to take part only in disputes over niat- ters that were purely industrial. » » »«»»»»«»» CANCER RESEARCH revolutionary advances LONDON, riday. Revolutionary advances in can cer research may follow virus ex periments by' the Imperial Cancer Research- Fund Director, Dr. W. Gye, and his colleagues. Dr. Gye, for many years has been an apostle of the virus theory of .cancer as opposed to the view held by most other research fields that the disease is produced by chemical agents. The '"Medical Journal" hails his latest experiments as the biggest advance in cancer research for many years. O'KEEFE? NO— GAMBOA thousands from europe— rut us; soldier debarred CANBERRA, Friday. It was learned to-day that any request from General MacArthur for reconsideration of the decision not to admit Sergeant \ Lorena Gamboa is to be referred to the Immigration Minister, Mr; Cald well. The Immigration Department still gives no reason for the re fusal to grant' an entry permit to Gamboa to visit his wife- and family in Australia. Gamboa is a United States cit izen. " : V // high court rules against caldwell ' MELBOURNE, Friday. Mr. Justice Rich in the High Court to-day, granted interlo cutory injunction restraining the; Minister for Immigration, Mr. Caldwell, from deporting two Chinese from Australia. They are: Cheung Hing, 48, cafe proprietor, of Collingwood. and Kwong Sha, 36, Laundryman, of Carlton. ; ' Mr. Justice Rich, granting an injunction until the trial on fur ther order of the court. . The two Chinese came to Aus tralia from Nauru in March/1942,, as war refugees.- 