fPM:"ifcN^W“Benfiisrrfci (From Our Own Correspondent -r- Copenhagen) The Jewish Community in Denmark, established nearly 300sy^aYs a^d, Hi&,!ekceptf6r a period d^rfhyi the Nazi oc cupation, enjoyed a peaceful ahd h^j^ ex^Whce: J, NuiAlterihg ajpbVdxihiatie'ly 7.000 Uie( ^dnlcfentrat^d-itt aw& around1 <. Copieftbagehi;; cbnSti tutpigHoiie :;per cent j ^of ■. the' capi tal^ . population , Although about 350 Jews live,jin t]fie provinces; no[ Jemsn coihftiiinity^ exists outside Copenhagen^ Ffiidhclal ties -formerly existed in several; towns; including; Randers, Aalborg! and Faaborg, but they have dis-i appeared during thepakt 50 years owing to the migration of the ybtthge* ‘members to thd capital. The bbsbrvaht sectlbnof Danish JeWr^ is, for the ffibst part;! com seirVative and no reform; movefiieiit ekistS: There' is alsoa small ultrfc^ orthodox cbnfifiuriitir'j Irtte&m;&jM; jriage bite reached considerable prbpbrtibiife in recent years add1! it! is estiritated that 50 per’ cent ate1 inarrying outside1 the Jewish faith. Quite a number of p’ebple, mainly descendants of the first Jewish settlers, haVe abandoned Judaism arid are completely'Danish in their ! culture' ■ arid outlook. | As in so' many other countries, | many Jews here are engaged; in the tailoring and allied industries. Trade and commerce, as well as the professions, have also attract ed Danish Jews. FUNDS FROM TAXES | The community derives the major part of its income from taxes imposed, with the approval of the Copenhagen City Council, on all its members. Normally, each member is assessed at about one per cent of hiS annual income. Originally, the community was composed of two fairly distinct groups the descendants of the first immigrants who settled here in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries; and twehtieth-century immigrants from Eastern Europe. In recent years, the economic arid social gap between the two groups has been successfully bridged and there is now little friction within the community. The first large-scale immigra tion' of Jews into Denmark oc curred during and immediately after the first war when over 3,000 refugees, mainly from Eastern Europe were admitted. Their entry more than doubled the then existing Jewish population of Denmark. SOUGHT REFUGE After Hitler seized power in 1933, many German Jews sought refuge in Denmark. Although wil ling to grant temporary asylum to thesb unfortunate people, the Danish authorities were reluctant to admit refugees seeking per manent residence. Nevertheless, nearly 2,000 Jews from Germany] and Nazi-occupied countries wore, admitted after 1933 and about 50 per cent are still here. The remain der have since emigrated to Israel1 the United States and other coun tries. When the Nazis established a military regime in Denmark in 1943, the position of the Jewish Community looked firm indeed. Anti-Jewish measures were not long delayed. On the eve of Yom Kippur, the Nazis, assisted by some Danish collaborators, began rounding up Jews for deportation. Thanks to the Resistance Move ment, however, the majority of Jews succeeded in escaping to Sweden, Nevertheless, nearly 500 were captured and sent to the Terezin concentration camp. For reasons known only to the Nazis, no Danish Jews were murdered in the death camp although 53 died ] ! from disease. Through the inter vention of Count Bemadotte and the International Red Cross, the remainder were later repatriated. SEFARDIM FIRST The history of Danish Jewry goes back to 1622 when King Christian IV invited certain Sef ardi Jews from Holland to settle in Gluckstadt, in Schleswig Hol stein, at that time occupied by Denmark. About 3 0 years later, Frederick III, then in financial difficulties, asked members of the wealthy Sefardi community to settle in Denmark proper. On January 19, 1657, Gabriel Gomez received the first entry permit. The Sefardim were followed by a select group of , G$?n*an Jews and a , small cohamunity : was formea "in' ’ C^e’A&s;^fenV Iii1 i 6 8 4l, thanks.to thei /.efforts, of David Ipra&, the C^rtije weller, tile first hduse-qf worship- was opened and, as Other groups arrived and settle^ in the proyijices, communi ties ; were established at Aalborg, Fredpricia, Nyborg, Banders and Nakshov! By this time, Ashkenazi as well as Sefardi Jews from Germany and Holland were entering the country; in a steady stream and, inevitably* tension grew between the, two communities. They could not agree on the election of a synagogue and for many years services were held in various houses of worship. The majority of Jews were at this time engaged in commerce.; Some were small shopkeepers but their scope was limited ' owing ? tp the opposition of the Merchant Guilds. In 1814, a decree was promulgated setting out the position of Jews as citizens and their civil rights and obliga tions. It was not until 1849, however, when the Constitution whs drafted that Dariish Jenifer were granted full righ#. DIFFICULT PERIOD This was a particularly difficult period for Danish Jews. Certain members of the community forined a '‘Baptist Movement” which was only defeated after considerable efforts by the Chief Rabbi, Abra ham ben Gedelja, and his succes sor, Dr A. A. Wolff. The com munity rallied behind the spiritual leaders and, in 1853, the Great Synagogue, in Copenhagen was erected. Among Chief Rabbis that fol lowed Dr Wolff were Professors David Simonsen, who resigned in 1902 to devote himself to his scientific work, Dr T. Lewenstein, Dr M. Shomstein, Dr M. Friediger, and Dr Marcus Melchior, the pre sent Chief Rabbi. Today, there are about 20 Jew ish organisations in Copenhagen. They include a Zionist Society, a lodge of the B’nai B'rith, a branch of the Alliance Israelite Univer selle, Wizo, a youth organisation with 450 members, and Hakoah, a sports club, many of whose members have won national cham pionships. The community sup ports a monthly journal, “Judisk Samfund,” edited by Torben Mayer. MANY DISTINGUISHED Many Danish Jews have dis tinguished themselves in cultural and other spheres. They include the late Meir Aron Goldschmidt and Henri Nathansen, authors; Ernst Meyer, David Monies and Sally Philipsen, artists; Siegfried Wagner and Harold Isenstein sculptor; Victor Bendix and Leo pold Rosenfeld, composers: Pro fessor Carl Salmonsen, Aage Han nover, Israel Rosenthal, Leopold Meyer and L. S. Fridericia, scien tists; D. B. Adler, Herman Bing and Edward Brandes, politicians; and the alte Georg Brandes, fam ous historian and critic. Today, there is Dr Georg Cohn, expert on international law; Sigurd Hen riques, County Sheriff; C. B. Henriques, Supreme Court advo cate; Karl Lachmann, civil engin eer and President of the Com munity; Dr Raphael Edelmann, lecturer on Hebrew literature at the University of Copenhagen. Unlike their co-religionists in most other European countries, Danish Jews have shown no par ticular desire to emigrate to Israel. A party of 30 young men and women did join the Israeli Army to help in the defence of the Jewish State but the majority have now returned. Nevertheless, Danish Jews have" shown , their affection for the new State on many occasions and the Israeli envoy to Scandinavia, Dr Y. Wiolfsberg, and the Israeli Davis Cup team, were given a warm welcome on their recent visit to Denmark. (Copyright by The Jewish Chronicle Feature ft News Ser vice.) 