MIGRANT A TROUBLE Newcastle Incident QUESTIONS FOR MR. CALWELL Canberra, Oct. 25.— Because of trouble that occurred at the camp at Nelson Bay (Newcastle) for migrants working at the Broken .Iill Pty. steel works, one had been transferred to work at Kemsey (N.S.W.) on the ground that he was a nuisance, the Minister for Immigration, Mr. Calwell told Mr. Beale (Lib., N.S.W.) , in the House of Representatives to-day. The trouble occurred during the week-end when a section of the migrants boycotted the lunches supplied to them at the camp. Re ports said the Communist secre tary of thhe Newcastle branch of the Ironworkers' Federation, Mr. R. Morgan, and others had been visiting the camp. Another man involved in the trouble had struck someone else in the presence of detectives and had been charged, Mr. Calwell added. Immediately he was arrest ed the rest of the migrants apologised to the manager of the camp and called the trouble off. It was possible that Mr.s Mor gan had caused the trouble but he did not think the migrants were likeiy to become victims of Communist propaganda. They had seen enough of Communism in their own countries and were vio lently anti-Communist. In reply to another question, Mr. Calwell said that the incidence of tuberculosis amongst European migrants arriving in Australia was extremely small. In the cases of those who did arrive in Australia suffering from it, the disease was onl in the very early stages. Not Forced to Come No migrants were being forced to come to Australia, Mr. Calwell said in reply to the deputy leader of the Country Party, Mr. Mc Ewen, who had referred to a broad cast from Moscow to-day which, he said, he had been informed a£ leged that displaced persons were being sent from Denmark to Aus tralia by force. (An American As sociated press message said that the Moscow radio had quoted a Tass Newsagency dispatch from Copenhagen alleging that recently the Danish authorities, together with representatives of the 'so-call- ed International Refugee Organisa tion' sent to Australia 'a group of citizens of the Soviet Union and the new democracies who had been living in Denmark as refugees'). Mr. Calwell said the Tass story was a concoction. Denmark had given refuge to a lot of displaced persons and had been under con stant pressure from Russia to re patriate those people to behind the Iron Curtain. She had refused td do so and had reported the matter to I.R.O. which asked whether Australia would take them to relieve Denmark of a difficult situation The Government had agreed to do so. The refugees would be embarked from either Bremerhaven or Naples. Far from force being used to embark migrants, the Aus tralian authorities ~ at Naples were having great difficulty in keeping stowaways off the vessels. The Australian authorities in Naples had said that if stowaways were not sent back from Australia they would have to use machine guns to keep stowaways off migrant ves sels in future. 