CHILD MIGRANTS DIE AT SEA Large Number Landed Ill From Swedish Ship Three children died during the voyage from Naples on the Swedish migrant ship Anna Salen which reached Fremantle yesterday. Seventy-eight children suffering from measles and bronchial and gastric com plications arising from measles were landed with their families. One of the deaths was attri- buted to complications arising from malnutrition, one to pneu- monia and one to meningitis. Four children suffering from measles, with their mothers, and one adult were put ashore at Port Said. About 260 passengers landed at Fremantle yesterday. Some of the children were taken to the Infectious Diseases Hospital and some to the camp hospital at Graylands. Their relatives were taken to Graylands. The measles epidemic taxed the resources of the ship and staff to the full. When the ship's hospital was unable to cope with all the cases one of the women's dormitories was taken over. On board are four doctors-the Swedish ship's doctor, who was in charge; an International Refugee Organi- sation doctor and two medical men among the passengers. "Underfed" The Swedish doctor explained that the work of the medical staff had been hampered by the fact that about 500 of the 1,554 passengers were infants and that many of the women were pregnant. "We are dealing with underfed people," he said.' Although the ship's hospital had supplies of penicillin, streptomycin and sulpha drugs, it was not a hospital ship and the best had to be done with the space available, he added. Owing to their experiences in Germany many of the women were afraid to bring their child- ren to the doctors when they first became ill. The I.R.O. escort officer on the ship said that he and the staff on this voyage had worked four times as hard as they had on any previous voyage. Dur- ing one stretch he had worked for 40 hours with about 1 1/2 hours' sleep. The ship's hospital presented a pitiable sight when the ship first berthed. The wailing of some of the sick infants could be heard along the companion way on the starboard side of the vessel. Many of the child- ren were carried by their mothers down a special gang way and placed in three buses for the journey to Graylands. Ten were taken in an ambu- lance to the Infectious Diseases Hospital. After having loaded stores and water the Anna Salen sailed, last night for Melbourne, where the remainder of the passengers will disembark. R.S.L. Leaders Impressed SYDNEY, Oct. 25: Austra- lian immigration officials select- ing displaced-person migrants for Australia were extremely vigilant and also more strict in their selection than repre- sentatives of other countries, the federal president of the Re- turned Servicemen's League (Mr. Eric Millhouse, K.C.) said today. With the West Aus- tralian president of. the league (Mr. W. J. Hunt) and the fede- ral secretary (Mr. J. C. Neagle), he returned by air from Europe. Mr. Millhouse said that they inspected displaced persons' camps at Hamburg, Munster, Hanover, Cologne, Frankfurt, Rome and Naples. He saw no sign of the possibility of former Nazis getting through the Aus- tralian security check. The impression gained was that the type of immigrant being selec- ted for Australia was particu- larly good. The healthy con- dition of the children was particularly impressive. Be- cause the youngest member of one family of eight was under- nourished the whole family was rejected as migrants by Aus- tralian officials. Under the pre- sent system it was almost im- possible for anyone not fit to be selected. Trouble At A Camp CANBERRA, Oct. 25: Be- cause of trouble that occurred at the camp at Nelson Bay (Newcastle) for migrants work ing at the Broken Hill Propri- etary steel works one had been transferred to work at Kempsey (N.S.W.) on the ground that he was a nuisance, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Calwell) told Mr. Beale (Lib., N.S.W.) in the House of Representatives today. Trouble occurred dur- ing the weekend when a section of the migrants boycotted the lunches supplied to them at the camp. Reports said the Com- munist secretary of the New castle branch of the Ironwork ers' Federation (Mr. R. Mor- gan) and others had been visit- ing the camp. Another man involved in the trouble had struck someone else in the presence of detectives and had been charged, Mr. Calwell added. Immediately he was arrested the rest of the migrants apologised to the manager of the camp and called the trouble off. It was possible that Mr. Morgan had caused the trouble, but he did not think the mi- grants were likely to become victims of Communist propa- ganda. They had seen enough of Communism in their own countries and were violently anti-Communist. In reply to another question, Mr. Calwell said that the inci- dence of tuberculosis among European migrants arriving in Australia was extremely smalL In cases of those who did arrive in Australia suffering from it, the disease was only in the very early stages. Moscow Tale Of "Force" No migrants were being forced to come to Australia, Mr. Cal- well said in reply to the Deputy Leader of the Country Party (Mr. McEwen), who had re- ferred to a broadcast from Moscow today which, he said, he had been informed, alleged that displaced persons were being sent from Denmark to Australia by force. [An American Associated Press message said that Mos- cow radio had quoted a Tass newsagency dispatch from Copenhagen alleging that re- cently the Danish authorities, together with representatives of the "so-called International Re fugee Organisation," sent to Australia "a group of citizens of the Soviet Union and the new democracies who had been living in Denmark as refugees."] Mr. Calwell said the Tass story was a concoction. Den- mark had given refuge to a lot of displaced persons, and had been under constant pressure from Russia to repatriate those people to behind the "iron cur- tain." She had refused to do so and had reported the matter to I.R.O., which asked whether Australia would take them to relieve Denmark of a difficult situation. The Government had agreed to do so. The refugees would be embarked from either Bremerhaven or Naples. Far from force being used to em- bark migrants, the Australian authorities at Naples were hav- ing great difficulty in keeping stowaways off vessels. The Aus- tralian authorities in Naples had said that if stowaways were not sent back from Australia they would have to use machine-guns to keep stow aways off migrant vessels in future. Police Pay: Under a Govern ment offer accepted by the South Australian Police Association first-year constables will receive £500 a year and constables and non-commissioned officers will receive increases ranging from £29 to £51 a year with payment of 1/6 a night for night work. The variations are subject to ratifica tion by the State Industrial Court. 