Woman Visitor 'Giv es Australia Away' From TORSTEIN SANDOE, UP Staff Correspondent in Oslo. ""PIONT go to Aus-1 " tralia if you are ยก tolerably well off at home," is the advice given to her compatriots by Mrs Emmi Skau, former secretar y general of the Nor- wegian-Australian Emi- grants' Association. Mrs. Skau first gave an interview in a local news- paper just after returning from Australia, when she complained of the Austra- lian attitude towards mi- grants; of European den- tists having to study three years to requalify; or mi- grants having to live in tents, and of the housing situation, and the social insurance system. The newspaper "Dagbladet," which gave great prominence to the story, also quoted Mrs Skau as saying that Australians do not want to think; and their national character was revealed by their most used slogan: "I couldn't care less." The United Press asked Mrs Skau to substantiate her com- plaints, and this is what she said in an interview: "Nobody cares about you if you go to Australia privately. . I wanted to go there to settle down if it was as wonderful a' country as we emigrants have imagined." Mrs Skau went to Australia to seek a market for Norwegian frozen fish, but found this was not practical. "So," she continued, "I had to find a job. I stayed in Austra- lia seven months, and then came home here as a so-called dis- gruntled migrant. I spent one week in Brisbane, passed through Perth, stayed for some time in Sydney, and got a more steady job in Melbourne. MELBOURNE HOTELS "I experienced how difficult it Is for foreigners to mingle with the natives, and more than once 11 felt like an outcast. I will never forget wandering from hotel to hotel in Melbourne, where I worked for the Knutsen line shipping firm, and people were very kind to me. "The first night in Melbourne I was allowed to get a room in the best hotel; but it had the dirtiest bathroom I ever saw in such a high-standard place. Then I moved to a second place, where only two chambermaids took care of all the rooms In the hotel. They told me they wanted me to have my meals sometimes in the hotel rest- aurant, and it was very ex pensive. After a fortnight they told me they were going to let my room, and I had to move. They prefer to let rooms to well off men from Tasmania who also take their meals in the hotel, and who are expected to have their beer there, too. I FOND OF BEER "The Australians are very fond of beer. "In a third hotel I stayed longer, but was asked to move after I had invited some Danish friends to the place. The staff didn't want to serve us, and made a demonstration against me and my friends. "My fourth hotel was procured for me by police. This was an obscure place which housed wrecked people and prostitutes. The last place I stayed was a rather good one; but here I had to move before Christmas, be- cause my room was booked one year ahead. Finally I found a place to creep in with some friends, where the comfort was not so high, but hearts were warmer. "I do not mean that it is a paradise in Norway; but we don't let in 3-4,000 people each day. In my opinion Australians should put a stricter control on immigration than they do now. BOYCOTTED "For Germans and Italians who come from places where they live at existence minimum it is OK in Australia, I think; but Scandinavians should not go there. "I do not refer only to my own experience. "I met an English family who went to Australia with their whole fortune, ยฃ6,000, and in- vested it in two shops. The shops were boycotted because Australians happened to know that they were owned by 'pommies.' "When I returned to Europe this summer the ship was over- crowded with migrants who were fed up with the hard life in Australia. "In Brisbane I met a Norwe- gian dentist who had been pro- mised by an Australian MP that he would be able to start a prac- tice in Australia. JOB AS TEACHER "Now he has to study another three years before he can get his licence to practise. "This is in Australia, where they have the worst teeth in the world. "As to the housing of foreign workers: 100 Poles working at a Tasmanian sawmill have slept in tents for a year. "All these things are written about in the Australian news- papers. It is a democratic coun- try that way. But the rest of the world doesn't know about it. "I once met Mr Calwell, the Minister for Immigration, who offered me a job as teacher to 'Nazi-istic' Balts at a camp out- side Melbourne." Mrs Skau pointed out that in 1945-46 there was great interest among Norwegians about going abroad. The Norwegian-Aus- tralia Emigrants' Association got 20,000 applications when it started, though only 3,000 took a real interest. "Now the interest has entirely calmed off," added Mrs Skau. 