BEHIND HE HCEMES '(By Our Spccial Representative) CANBERRA, Tuesday. The House of Representatives meots tomorrow for -the- last -and probably the most hectic sitting of the ,18th Parliament. In the next six or eighl weeks the house, apart from passirrg the Budget, will indulge in more noisy argument, more acrimony, and more blatant electioneering than at any time at least in the past three years. Opposition members arc al ready planning a series of at tacks ; on the Government. The^c will be on subjects like coal' ' and the recent general strike, the petrol situation, and Mr. Calwell's general handling of immigration and deportat ions. Whether the attacks will take the fcrm of separate mot ions, or will be incorporated in Opposition criticism during the Budget debate, will be decided at party meetings lo be held to day and tomorrow. « The Government will confine discussions as much as possible to the Budget, whose introduc tion ? will enable the Prime Minister and other Labor speak ers to emphasise the dangers they see of an early depression. The External Affairs Minister (Dr. Evatt) has already given a hint, with his talk of -a con tinuing recession in the United States, that the Government proposes capitalising on, depres sion fears during its election campaign. And it is quite cer tain that every spceclv delivered byiany party during the coming session will be directed to the voting public. In short, the Federal pjection qampaign will begin , tomorrow. ...... Indian Ban Some Government quarters believe India's decision to ban entirely nearly half the com modities now imported . from Australia is only a temporary measure until the dollar position is settled. Others, however, fear it may be a ? considered move which will do lasting damage to Australian trade. Some significance is attached to the fact that the Indian .Trade Bulletin for April— it is the official organ of the Indian Minister of Commerce. — deals at length with what it calls 'In- dian Business- Men's Disabilities Abroad.'- 1m the coursc of the article, it is pointed out . that Indians arc not eligible to enr tcr Australia as permanent re sidents, and iii' Western Austra lia they are* prevented from working in or owning a shop ol factory. Conditions governing' tho status ? of' Indian business men in. Australia are contrasted with the less restrictive laws in most other world countries. Prefabricated Houses The Commonwealth has de cided to import 1,000 prefab ricated houses from abroad. It is likely they -will be used .for housing workers c n the Snowy River Dam works and other major undertakings; some will be used for housing- workers in areas where key industries need labor, Tenders have beep called for the provision ? of 1,000 : singler storey prefabricated or ' pre cut houses, cpmpietc with all materials, components, fittings, and equipment. The houses are to be delivered to Frema ntle, Adelaide, Melbourne and Syd ney. None will gc ic r Queens land or. Tasmania. Food Shortage : The serious threat to world food supplies from diminishing area.- of cultivation ir. empliaaif cd. in reports just, received from the United Nations first, science conference at ,'Lake Success. Mr. H. H. Bennett, cluct ot the U.S. Conservation^ Service, told the conference -'.here were now only 4,000 'mil lion acres of immediately arable land in the - world. This. was not nearly suffi cient to produce food for an in creasing population unless mod ern conservation methods were more widely used. The conference is discussing way;: and means of utilising to the maximum extent world food production resources. Party Struggle Expected appointment of the N.S.W. Deputy Premier (Mr. Baddclcy) as chairman cf a State Coal Commission has precipitated a struggle for power with the State Parlia mentary Labor Party. Candidates for the Deputy leadership include the Educat ion Minister (Mr. Hcffron), the Attcrney General (Mr. C. E. Martin) and the Works Minis ter (Mr.. Cahill). Intensive lobbying is already in progress. Disappearance of Mr. Badde lcyifrom Parliament will further diminish the declining political, power of: the New Scuth Wales northern coalfields. In the- Fed- eral House, Mr. Rowley James, lcng a battler for the miners, lias had his vigor considerably impaired by injuries received in a car- accident. Mr. David Wat .klns, of Newcastle, who was fancicd at one time as a Feder al Speaker, appears tc: have lost all chance of that position, or any other Cabinet rank, and is even having a struggle to retain his Parliamentary seat. Malaria Battle Methods evolved by the form er Director cf Medical Services in Queensland (Sir Raphael Cilcnto) are being used by the World Health Organisation to combat malaria. ?The organisation is giving top priority to the eradication cf malaria. Already this year, ac cording to advice which, has reached Canberra, Sardinia has been practically freed from the malaria bearing mosquitc. An other malaria control project has been highly successful in Greece, and o.a attack is now being made cn malaria, in Haiti. An anti-malaria campaign, with DDT spraying, has also been started among 875,000 Palestine rctugees. . Steps have been taken ;to en tourage production, cf insulin, of which a world .shortage is feared. The organisation is r.ow conferring with the Danish Red, Cross and other Scliaiidiiir avian countries on a long-range plan for vaccination against tuberculosis. In Europe alond 50 million children and young adults have been, tested and abcut 15. million have been vStcr cinatcd. The campaign is being extended .to Asia, ' the eastern Mediterranean, North Africa and' Latin America. Mass radiol ogy for the treatment of tuber culosis is operating in Greece. The ultimate aim is the tuberr culin testing of 100 million children throughout the world. A programme of plague and chciera control is being underr ?taken, in parts of Africa, Asia and Bengal, the vcncrai disease is being tackled with penicillin in India, Poland and many other parts of Europe. The cam paign has even reached to the Philippines. . , From Australia's point of vipw, one of the most impor tant developments is the estab lishment in London, of a world influenza centre. Information has already been supplied to Japan about the, strains and rAib-typcc cf the influenza virus which caused the epidemic in Europe during the last Euro pean winter. If an . epidemic -occurred- ;in-i Japan this would facilitate production of a pre-: ventative vaccine. \ Open Cuts, . . Although Federal Ministers acknowledge, tha^, ,Army open cut coal operations broke the back of tlic general strike, they arc rather rueful about the amount of damage done. . Many of the heavy earth moving cr coal-cutting mach ines were damaged during the Army occupaticn. Worse -=till frcm the production point of ' view, was the extent to which actual production cf coal was ollr.itrn'l tn fnl-irn nllno.l nf llin advance removal oi overburden. It is important in open cut op erations that removal of over burden should be kept well ahead cf the actual operations on the coal seam. All open, cut overburden way well ahead of the coal cutting when the army took over, . but by the. time the ar.my .vacated much of the leeway had been lost, with the result that the! Joint Ccal Board will have to pay thousands of pounds com pensation to open cut owners for time they have lost in catch ing up oil everburden removal. The story is told in figures just released by the Coal Board. Pre-strike production of coal from , open cuts ranged from 20,000 t- 35,000 tons, a week Figures just released show that the first week's operation after the Army vacatcd yielded only 17,550 ,lc n J. Government auth orities say time spent oil catch ing up on overburden removal and repairing machinery ac counted for the decrease. 