AUSTRALIAN MOVE ON MINDSZENTY CASE NEW YORK. April 13: The United Nations General Assembly today approved by 30 votes to 7. with 20 abstentions Inclusion In its agenda of an Aus trallan proposal for discussion of the trials of Cardinal Mindszenty and Bulgarian Protestant Church leaders.] Hungary and Bulgaria cabled protests to the General Assem bly today against discussion of the trials on the ground that it' would be an unjustified inter-' ference in the internal affairs of the States concerned. Russian, Byelo-Russian, Polish, Czech and Yugoslav delegates also denied the right of U.N.O. to consider the trials. The Rus sian Ambassador to U.S.A. I (Mr. A. Panzushkin) said that Australia, Bolivia and the' United States, while hypocriti cally referring to the support of fundamental rights, were at tempting to take under their wing "Hungarian and Bulgarian criminals who had chosen to betray their countries." Mr. Kuzma Kisselev (Byelo Russia) said that behind the proposal were "designs of re actionary circles in the United States and the United King dom who obviously want to please the Vatican and also want to encourage anti-Soviet and anti-democratic propa ganda." Pole's Remarks On Aborigines Mr. Jan Drohojowski (Poland) asked: "Who is com ing to the rescue of alleged violations of human rights in Hungary. From the antipodes comes Australia, a country whose original immigrants have almost entirely exterminated the aborigines. As a matter of fact, Australia seems to consider the remaining aborigines as zoo logical specimens." He qpoted from the World Almanac of 1949 to the effect that the aborigines of Northern Australia were the most primi tive of all peoples and con tinued: "May I remind you that. Australia has been settled since 1788\. Furthermore, some ar rests in Australia and especially the arrest of labour and trade union leaders could also be brought to the attention of the assembly in order to find out whether a charge of sedition is not a violation of human rights and if so whether human rights have not been violated." Powers Of Assembly The Australian Ambassador to Washington (Mr. Norman Makin) said that the General Assembly had undoubted juris diction in the Mindszenty case. Australia's proposal had been made in good faith and the Australian delegation would take the opportunity in the committee stage to examine the facts of the case fully. Senor Eduardo Matienzo (Bolivia) said that U.N.O. could not remain deaf, blind and dumb in the matter. Bolivia was ready to prove that Hun gary had stifled all religious associations and institutions for religious education and welfare. Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden indicated that they were not in favour of discussing the trials and they would ab stain from voting. Speaking on behalf of all four countries, the Danish Foreign Minister (Mr. Gustav Rasmussen) said that the trials had occasioned great concern in. the northern coup tries as elsewhere. However, the Governments believed ,that the matter first should be treated as a subject under peace treaties. 