CABLES IN BRIEF U.S. Drug Ring Broken Australian Associated Press And Our Special Reprne?tatlve NEW YORK, March 22. Detectives today seized nearly $3m. worth of pure cocaine in jars and bottles in a vacant house here. The cache was 'Uncovered after an intensive three-day search, fol lowing the arrest of three ring leaders of a giant narcotics racket. When police raided the flat of the trio on Saturday, they found nearly $2m. worth of cocaine. Libel Claim Judgment PARIS.—The hearing of the libel claim by Victor Krav rti??nfr o _ Russian author of "I Chose Freedom,' against the Paris Communist weekly "Les Lettres Francaises," ended to day. Judge Durkheim said that he would give judgment on April 4. j U.S. Mines Post I WASHINGTON.—The Senate has confirmed the appointment of Australian-born Dr. James Boyd as Director of the Bureau of Mines. It was partly in pro test against Dr. Boyd's ap pointment that John L. Lewis last week called on more than 425,000 miners to stop work for a fortnight. Air Lift Crash BERLIN.—An KAF Dakota air lift plane crashed late last night just outside Lnbeck slrport. Three members of t\ie crew were killed. Treaty Talks FntDe LONDON—The deputies to the Foreign Ministers of France. Britain, toe United States and Russia, completed six weeks of unsuccessful discussion on the Austrian Peace Treaty today. Death Sentence Confirmed BERLIN.—The US Military Governor of Germany (Gen. Clay) has reaffirmed the death sentence passed on Hubert Huber, a German staff sergeant and tank commander, convicted of Miiing unarmed American prisoners near Malmedy in Bel gium in 1944. "World Peace Congress" ATHENS. — The Greek guerilla radio has announced that the "Free Greek People" will be represented at the "World Peace Conference" in Paris on April 12. French Suspects Freed PARIS.—A military court has released three Frenchmen ar rested hi February on charges of disclosing national secrets. Others arrested at the same time in the Government's coun ter espionage campaign, are still held. Valuable Portrait Stolen ROME^-PoUce have re opened a search for a Titian painting of the 15th century poet Lndovico Artosto, which was stolen from a villa at Bamognano, Northern Italy, in April. 1945. The portrait is vafaed at £4X500. Czech Espionage BERLIN.—The Czechoslova kian intelligence service paid £75 for one photograph of US ?air bases in Germany, accord ing to an alleged confession by j Czech-born Adolf Walzel, who ,is being tried by a US military court at Munich. VS. Anti-Aircraft Gun BERLIN.—The US Army has , disclosed that a 16-ton. 90 nun. . anti-aircraft gun. which , through the use of radar can . automatically track down tar . gets and fire 25 rounds a min i ute, has arrived in the US zone i of Germany. > Poles Desert 1 NEW YORK.—Sixty-three Polish nationals, including five women, surrendered at Jersey : City today as illegal immigrants. . saying that they wanted "to fight in the TJS Army a?ainst ! Communism." All came to ; the United States as crew mem bers of Polish vessels and then ; deserted. Maltese For Australia MALTA.—The Maltese Gov ernment has obtained the entire . accommodation of an unnamed ; 12,600-ton vessel to cany to ; wards the end of April about i 750 emigrants from Malta to . Australia. ' Sterilisation For Baby Killer ! LOS ANGELES. — Mrs. \ Georgette Bracks, 21, who was convicted of beatinf her baby to death, waa released from raol today on condition that she be sterilised. Mrs. Brocks, wbo has had three children, went to hospital to day for the delivery of a fourth child and then to un dergo the operation.. * Bacfnr Ace Leaves £175.580 ; LONDON. — Sir Malcolm] : Campbell. renowned racing , motorist and "the world's fast-: ? est man on water," who died on December 31. left £175.580 ; : In his will. Duty paid was ?T7,361. . Royal Family 111 i COPENHAGEN.—Five mem ; bers of the Danish Royal Pam ;Uy are confined to tb>>ir beds I throueh illness. Kin? Frederfk > is suffering from lumbaeo and ? Oueen Ingrid and the three ' Princesses are suffering from influenza. : CX. Milk Sales 1 LONDON.—From Sunday all ' domestic consumers and cater-1 ! ers can buy as much milk as' l they like, but retailers will have to supply all uriority entitle-' men's first. This period of un-i s restricted sales is expected to ? last about three months. > Emnloves Redundant I . LONDON.—The Standard! ! Motor Company has announced j: ? that 1.700 workers at the Per-1 1 Ruson Farm tractor factory at ?Coventry have been declared re dundant. This is due to dras tic reductions in exports conse-l auent on currency difficulties' abroad. The factory, which: employs 4,000 men, began a: three-day week at the begin-, nine of March. I Trade Aneement ( TOKlO.—Korea and Japan < have negotiated an $80m. trade ? agreement, reliab'e trade sources . I reported today. The agreement llcalls for the export of consumer I- (roods to Korea and for the im port of various minerals into Japan. Commissioner J. Evan Smith, of Melbourne, territorial com mander of the Salvation Army, and his wife at Sunset Lodge i home for the aged yesterday afternoon. He is visiting Ade laide to attend the annnal Salvation Army congress, which opened last night. 