RELIGIOUS TRIALS ON U.N. AGENDA} MEW YORK, April 13. — The United Nation* General Assembly to-day approved the inclusion on its agenda 6f the trials of the Hungarian, Cardinal Minds renty, and the Bulgarian Protestant Church leaders. Thirty voted in favour, seven against, and twenty abstained. The Russian, Byelo-Russian, Polish, Czech and* Yugoslav delegates denied the right of the United Nations to consider the trials. 'Australia, Bolivia, the United ' Slates, while hypocritically re- ' ferri ijg to the support of fonda- | mental rights are attempting to ? take under their wing the Hon- : garian and Bulgarian criminals i who had chosen to betray their ' countries,' Mr. Alexander Pan- J yushkin, the Russian Ambassa- ? dor to the United States, said. I 'They are trying to push the j United Nations on the road of j defence, of crime and conniv- ? ance in treachery, thus further ing the neglect of human rights and fundamental freedoms.' Kuzma KLsselev (Byelo Russia) said that behind the I present proposal were ''designs i of the reactionary circles in-! the United States and United I Kingdom who obviously want j to please the Vatican and also want to encourage the anti Soviet, anti- democratic propa ganda being conducted in un bridled fashion in the Press of those countries.' Fr. Houdek, Czechoslovakia, said the discussion of the trials would be an interference in the domestic affairs of Hungary and Bulgaria. Jan Droho jowski, Poland, opposed any i United Nations action. 1 Drohojowskj asked: 'Who is ! coming to the rescue of the | alleged violators of human j rights in Hungary? From the 1 antipodes comes Australia, a | country whose original immi grants have almost entirely ex terminated the aborigines. 'As a matter of fact, Aus tralia seems to consider the re maining aborigines as zoological specimens.' j Drohojowski quoted from the j World Almanac of 1949 to the J effect that the' aborigines of I Northern Australia were 'the : most primitive of all peoples, j entirely nomadic, making fire with slicks, throwing boome rangs, killing game with spears.' Drohojowski asked: 'May I remind you that Australia has been settled since 1788. Fur thermore, some arrests in Aus tralia, and especially the arrest of Labour and „ Trade Union leaders could also be brought to the attention of the assembly in order to find out whether a charge of sedition is not a vio lation of human rights.' Mr. Norman Makin, Austra lia, said the General Assembly had undoubted jurisdiction in the Mindszenty case. The Australian delegation i would .take the opportunity in the committee stage to examine the fact& of the case fully. Eduardo* Matienzo, Bolivia, said the United Nations could not remain deaf, blind and dumb in the matter. Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden indicated that they were not In favour of discuss ing the trials and that they would abstain from voting. Custav Rasmussen, (Danish Foreign Minister, speaking on behalf of all four countries, i said the trials had occasioned I great concern in northern coun- | tries as elsewhere. Their gov- : ernments had considered the i arguments on the subject but ! did not think they should en ter the discussion. The four governments be* lieved the matter first should be treated as a subject under the peace treaties. 