Migration Key To Our Growth As A Nation CANBERRA, January 23. — There was still a I strong passive resistance by Australians to I immigration which must be overcome, Mr. Men- 1 zies said to- day when speaking in the Albert Hall, I where he formally opened the Australian Citizen- 1 ship Convention. Mr. Menzies said that, unless I Australians were all convinced of the utter need I for migration, we would never understand how to deal with migrants. Delegates from all parts of Australia, including Immigration Ministers of all States, are attending the convention, which will last four days. Mr. Menzies said that Australia presented a very con verse position to that of Britain, where there were more than 50,000,000 people making out an existent* from meagre resources. British migrants must be encouraged and sustained, but at the same time, Australia would continue to seek first-class migrants from European countries. TJic attitude uf Australians, whose ancestors Uiemselveb were migrants, must not be one of prejudice, which was a sign nnf of pride but of stupidity. 'We must not treat them us fcjeign colonists. VVt' must understand that they have to become Australians, r.nd thai \vc must help them to bccomo Australians.' Mr. Menzies added thai the attack on immigration problems b- the Chilley Government de served the deep gratitude and w-irin praise of every citizen. GENERAL APPEAL The Leader ol the Opposition. Mr. Chilley. said lhal he ap pealed to every Australian ? - the ordinary workman and persons in higher positions ~ lo accord the new Australians the utmost tolerance and con sideration. 'There are teniS of millions i-{ people to whom life oilers very little, in many case* misery, unemployment, hunger and starvation. We owe a duty to humanity and to our own national interests. There is something Christian and God like in giving these people the opportunity to lead a lull j lile.' Mr. Chilley said. ? WHAT SWEDISH I WRITER THINKS LONDON, Jan. 23. — Tlic As- i snciatcd Press representative , -in CnflcnliMffcn «ayj» the : Australian 'native popo^tkon,' . by Us attitude, 1k sabotaging the efforts of European migrants to settle down there, according In j Uw Danish journalist, l'aul Nielsen, lu a Copenhagen news- : paper. j 'Australians as a whole His- | like foreigners.' says NcMsen j He has just returned alter mi- | grating to Australia with lu« j wife and two children in 1U4R., j Nielsen said: 'There aiv not I many who can swallow thi*- : master race mentality wlnrlui most Australians display to- ! wards migrants, no mallei what] their qualifications may he. , -I think it wron^ In teli | people in over-popnlatei ; Europe that they have a ehanr ' in Australia if they ;nv worth I it. The fact is that Australian i authorities want qualified 1 Europeans to settle there, but Australians themselves don'i. ? want t-» let emigrants m:»kv om of i lioir qualifications what lhe\ . are worth. NO COMPLAINTS CANRICRRA, January — Since he assumed olTire In- had received no specific complaints of migrants beinp kept froir. employment because of anion - ai'liou. the Minister for Labour and National Ser\ lee iMr. Holt), mi hi to-d:i- . Mr. 1 loll u'ii, connni'iitin;; on allegation.- t'lat tlii Federated Ironworker?-' A--: -h ial ion was holdin:; up 111' employment of 500 Halt on -.ranif urgently needed in the hiuldiii; industry. He m; 1 1 1 1 thai he was having the charge* investigated. 'I point oui lh.it in the 11 rst work ing wirk in January. ? ? - yranl.' were placed in the steel industry in Neweastl'.' he said. 'Tin- j h i ! i r v is to alloeate migrant labour w.iere it is needed, and where insiillieieiil Australian labour i: on ofler.' 