200,000 MIGRANTS THIS YEAR 10,500,000 Population by 1960 is Govt. Aim CANBERRA, Tuesday. — Two hundred thousand persons, mostly of British origin, will migrate to Australia in 1950. The Minister for Immigration (Mr. Holt) told this to the Australian Citizenship Convention today. He appealed to all Austra- Hans to work and strive for a population of 10,500,000 by 1960. Outlining the Government's plans for immigration during the present year, Mr. Holt said great importance was attached to ensuring that British migra- \- tion was placed first and fore most. This would enable Australia to maintain her present bal ance of population as a British community. "To maintain that propor tion we must keep a proper balance of migration, and see that the British element pre dominates," Mr. Holt said. Other points made by Mr. Holt were:— In 1950 70,000 Britona would be brought out under the assisted passages scheme. Of these 37,000 would be cared for by the Common wealth and 33,000 by the States. Britons to the number of 30,000 would come' here as full paying passengers. A total of 50,000 displaced persons would be brought in before December, as well as 10,000 Dutch, including 1500 ex-servicemen from Indone- . sia. The balance of 40,000 would Jie ex-servicemen from Ire land, Malta and other Allied countries. Mr. Holt said that to handle 'the large number of British migrants the Government ' would earmark certain of the displaced persons' camps for Britons. Prom there they would be passed to industry or to Com monwealth hostels so that they might be absorbed into high priority jobs. Works Hostels Mr. Holt said a programme of works hostels for British migrants would be launched, especially In country areas, where the migrants could be absorbed into primary and rural Industries, and where they would assist In decentra lisation plans. The present nomination sys tem would continue, with the Commonwealth scheme com plementary to that of the States. An attack on Australians by a Danish journalist, Paul Neil- sen, who had returned to Den mark from Australia' with his family was unwarranted, Mr. Holt continued. Neilsen's allegations that the Australian "native population," by Its attitude towards new settlers, was sabotaging mi gration plans were scandalous. Newcomers to Australia had assisted In the commencement or completion of many notable public and private works. Among these were the Warra- gamba dam in N.S.W., electric ity projects in Tasmania and hospitals. , More than 600 were em ployed in various primary works in N.S.W., and it would have been impossible to reap the last sugar crop in Queens land without the help of Euro pean migrants. Mr. Holt said fears that mi grant labor would mean com petition with Australian work men had been dispelled, be cause the more people enter- ing -the country the more goods and services required. The Chifley Government had wisely prescribed that wages for- migrants should be the same ' as for Australian work ers. Th.e present Government would continue that policy. 