War Widow Pension Rise Thouaht Too Small WA War 'Widows' Guild president Mrs.H.L. Fowler's opinion that the proposed 5/- a week increase in war widows' pensions is 'a step in the right direction — but only a very small step,' is shared by most Perth people, judging by the views gathered by a roving Daily News reporter. One citizen even suggested that the widows should be paid the same allowance that they had been receiving from their husbands. Danish immigrant A. Lau- sen, of Perth, said that in his home country women who had lost their husbands dur- ing the war — and particularly in the underground move ment — were automatically paid the salary of the man they had lost. It was 'only fair,' and a very good plan which could well be adopted here, he said. Miss M. Smith,. of Belmont, said that the statement of Federal Guild president Mrs. G. A. Vasey— that the 5/ in crease was 'miserly' — was quite correct. 'I also think that a widow with two children should get at least as much as u totally and permanently incapaci- tated pensioner (£5/6/ a week),' she said. 'Everything else has risen in price, and I don't see that 5/ a week extra will make the slightest difference to a woman trying to support her self and two children,' said H. Colley, of Mt. Lawley. 'Education itself is a great expense for mothers with a man to support them, so how much harder it must be for one who has lost her bread winner in the defence of his country,' he said. Mr. J. Doust, of Mt. Law- ley, however, disagreed with the general opinion. He be- lieved that the present pen sion of £3 for a widow with out children was quite sufficient, even generous. 'Most of them are young, and I don't see that they should have any difficulty in looking after themselves,' he said. 'There are plenty of good jobs to be had and — provided they are healthy, of course — I think that the present pen- sion should make their lot quite easy.' Another supporter of the popular opinion was Miss J. Short, of Claremont. 'War widows have made a great sacrifice, and I think, its a disgrace that their pen- sions have not been raised much more than they have,' she said. 'They should cer- tainly be brought into line with incapacitated pen- sioners.' A. Lausen Miss M. Smith J. Doust Miss J. Short H. Colley 