ASSIMILATION OF NEW AUSTRALIANS Political Leaders' Joint Appeal On Migrati'on CANBERRA, Jan..23:. Liberal and Labour leaders joined today in appealing to Australians to rid them selves of any insularity, sectarianism and racialism in their dealings with migrants. The Prime Minister (Mr. Menzies) said that every Australian must learn to regard every migrant as a friend. From the same platform at the opening of the Australian Citizenship Convention in Can berra today, his predecessor, Mr. Chifley, made the, same appeal and there was similar agreement between tie I Minis ter for Immigration (Mr. Holt) and his predecessor, Mr. Calwell. The conference of 150 dele gates includes political leaders, business men and representa tives of trades unions, churches and ex-service organisations. It was called originally by the qhifley Government to discuss ways of promoting conscious ness of Australian 'citizenship and of assimilating migrants. When Mr. Menzies opened his remarks he set aside poli tical considerations by declar ing that the attack made on the migration problem by Mr. Chjtley and Mr. Calwell de served the deep gratitude and warm praise of every Austra lian. "This is not an easy pro blem," he said. "There has been in Australia a certain active or passive resistance. to migration,g a great scale. It has require a great deal of energy and courage to produce the result achieved." Migration was vital to our existence and development, said Mr. Menzies. We should regard every migrant as a friend and go to no end of trouble to make him feel at. home. In the old world there was an enormous pressure of population on resources, but in Australia there was pressure of resources on inadequate popu lation. "This Insular Tendency" "This is an extremely in peaceful world," said Mr. Men zies. "However great our own desire for peace, there is a grave danger in the spectacle of a country of vast area and enormous resources. with a population of only a few mil hons. We must have an ade quate population. Then we shall be justified in saying to others we are here and that we so to maintain our na al integrity, our warrant be ing the use of the resources which God has put into our bands." Mr. Menzies deprecated the use of such words as "pommy," which, except in a jocular sense, were silly. About 95 per cent of the Australian people were either Pommies or descendants of Pommies. Our problem today was to help people who were in exactly the same position as our grandpar ents had been. Every influence must be brought to bear to strike down at its very inception this in sular tendency to object to a mans because of race or reli gion. If migrants were admitted to Australia they must become members of the national family. "Of all peoples, the British are the most mixed," said Mr. Menzies"-"the project of wave: after wave of people from the Caucasus westward-and that mixture has provided a tough ness of fibre and a missionary spirit which has done great service to the world. If any body wants to speak of a man as a Jew let us take pride in the fact that the greatest Aus tralian soldier of all time was a Jew. We are not in the final pattern. If we were we would be in our coffins." 'Kindness And Tolerance' Mr. Chifley said that, by bringing migrants from Europe where they had little hope for the future, Australia was serv ing humanity as well as her own interests. "I appeal to the people-4o the ordinary workman and to those in high places," he said, "to give these people every pos sible help. Their courage alone warrants kindness, tolerance and consideration from those who have been fortunate enough to " escape what the people of Europe have suf fered." 1M7r. Calwell said that Austra lia's migration intake was now comparable with anything done by America. For the first six months of 1949 the net migra tion gain was at the rate of 1.65 per cent compared with 0.72 per cent in .1948 and 0.64 per cent for the period of great expansion between 1924 and 1929\. Together with the natural increase, this made a total population gain of 3 per cent. Mr. Holt described migration as "a great risk which must be taken and a great adventure which we launched ourselves gladly." The Premier of South Aus tralia (Mr. Playford) said that a great degree. of the respon sibility of assimilating the new comers into the. Australian community rested on the States. He urged the Commonwealth to give greater assistance to overcome the housing problem so that new Australians would not have to remain for so long in holding camps. The oppor tunity for them to obtain homes would be one of the biggest fac tors in successful and speedy assimilation, he said. The convention will continue until Friday. "Master Race Mentality" COPENHAGEN, Jan.* 23: The Australian "native popula tion," by its attitude, is sabotag ing the efforts of European migrants to settle down there, says a Danish journalist, Paul Nielsen, in the Copenhagen newspaper, "B.T." In his opinion Australians as a whole dislike foreigners. He has just returned after migrating to Australia with his wife and two children in 1948. "There are not many who can swallow the master race men tality that most Australians dis pl towards migrants, no mat at their qualifications e," he says. "I think it wrong to tell people in over populated Europe that they have a chance in Australia if they are worth it. The fact is that the Australian authorities want qualified Europeans to settle there, but the Australians themselves don't. want to let the migrants make out of their qualifications what they are worth."-A.P. 