Nation Urged to Overcome Hostility to Miarants CANBERRA.--There was still an active and passive resistancc by Aus' tralians to immigration which must be overcome, the Prime Minister (Mr. Mena zies) said yesterday. SPEAKING in the Albert Hall, where he formally opened the Australian Citizenship Con vention, Mr. Menzies said that unless Australians were all con vinced of the utter need of migra tion we would never understand how to deal with migrants. Delegates from all parts of Australia, including immigration Ministers of all states, are attends ing the convention, which will last four days. Mr. Menzies said that Australia presented a very converse posi tion to that of Britain, where there were more than 50 million people eking out an existence from meagre resources. British migration must be en couraged and sustained. The attitude of Australians, whose ancestors themselves were migrants, must not be onte of prejudice, which was a sign not of pride but of stupidity. Mr. Menzies added that the approach to immigration pro blems by the Chifley Govern ment deserved deep gratitude and the warm praise of every citizen. The. Leader of the Opposition (Mr. Chifley) said he appealed to every Australian "ordinary workmen and persons in higher positions" to accord the new Aus tralians the utmost tolerance and consideration. No Complaints Since he assumed office he had received no specific complaints of migrants being kept from employ ment because of union action, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Holt) said yesterday. Mr. Holt 'was commenting on allegations that the Federated Ironwerkers' Association was holding up employment of 500 Balit migrants urgently needed in the building industry. He said he was having the charges investi gated. "I point out that in the first working week in January 300 migrants were placed in the steel industry in Newcastle," he said. Foreigners Disliked COPENHAGEN (A.A.P.) - The Australian "native popula tion," by its attitude, is sabotaging the efforts of European migrants to settle down there, says the Danish journalist, Paul Nielsen. in the Copenhagen newspaper ["B.T." Australians as a whole dislike foreigners, says Neilsen. He has just returned after migrating to Australia with his wife and two children in 1948. Nielsen said, "There are not many who can swallow the "master race mentality that most Australians display towards migrants, no matter what their qualifications may be. "I think it wrong to tell people in over-populated Europe that they have a chance in Australia it they are worth it. "The fact is that Australian authorities want qualified. Euro. pean& to settle there, but the Aus tralians themselves do not want to let migrants make out of their qualifications, what -they are worth," he added. 