INCREASED INTAKE OF MIGRANTS Population of 10,000,000 In 1960 As Goal CANBERRA Jan. 24: The Commonwealth Govern ment planned to briq 200,000 migrants to Australa this year and to malhuin that rate so that Australla's population would emceed 10,0000000 by 1960 the Minister for immigraion 0Mr. Bolt said today. Mr. Holt, who was addressing the Australian Citizenship Con vention, said that the Govern ment's policy on migration was to increase the annual intake of migrants and to maintain this increase over a long term, and to ensure that British migra tion was foremost. Against the 160,000 to 170,000 migrants brought to Australia in 1949, the Government hoped in 1950 to bring 100,000 British migrants, 50,000 European displaced persons, 40,000 mig rants from Eire and Malta and 10,000 migrants from the Neth erlands. "The Commonwealth pro gramme is one that will have to last ten years and then con tinue for an indefinite period probably for our lifetime," said Mr. Holt. He promised that certain centres would be ear marked for British migrants, where they could stay until ac commodation was found for them by employers or in Gov ernment-operated hostels near. essential industries. The Government would hon our the Chifley Government's promise to take 110,000 dis placed persons by June 30. 1950, and in addition would take 27,000 displaced persons by the end of the year. The flow of displaced persons would taper off because the In ternational Refugee Organisa tion would wind up on March 31, 1951. Mr. Holt announced provision for an increased intake of Dutch migrants who, he said, would make admirable settlers, particularly, in rural areas. Negotiations had begun for the migration of young Dutch ser vicemen from Indonesia, al though it did not appear that more than a very few thousand would be available from there. Community Help Sought "The programme we have set ourselves will involve great strains and the Government will have to take special measures, such as the provision of hostels and additional shipping," said Mr. Holt. "But there will be other tasks of great magnitude. We must make the migrant feel at home and help him to be come assimilated by the friend ship which we hold out for him." In this the Government could not help to any great degree, he said. But committees in each shire and municipality which enlisted the services of public spirited citizens would be able to deal with many of the prob lems of the new Australians by providing neighbourly com munity help. Replying to a complaint by a Danish journalist that there was no welcome in Australia for the European migrant, Mr. Holt said that no country in propor tion to its population had done more than Australia to give sanctuary to victims of Nazi, aggression than had Australia. With singularly few exceptions, displaced persons had found happiness in Australia. Although we heard at times of dissatisfied British migrants returning, records showed that only 2.5 per cent of them had returned and by no means all of those had returned because of dissatisfaction. This propor tion included those who had returned for family reasons or because of homesickness. Production And Security To provide for a population increase of 250;000 a year Aus tralia had to provide homes and services duplicating the city of Melbourne every four years, the chairman of the Common wealth Immigration Planning Council (Mr. John Storey) told the convention; Mr. Storey, who was wartime Director of Aircraft Produc tion, was addressing the Aus tralian Citizenship Convention in Canberra. He urged in creased production by multiple shifts working in Australian factories and by housing up to 40,000 migrants in tents. Australia was entering on a period of unparallelled develop ment and prosperity, he said, but needed a population of 20,000,000 before our children could be reasonably safe from possible enemies. "Our present ability to pro duce goods needed in modern war is so petty and completely inadequate that the facts are very frightening," he said. "We have the technical skill, but until we can produce greater quantities we cannot even start to take care of our country's defence. The only solution is more people." At present costly factories, which could work 8,000 hours a year on a 24-hour basis, were working only 2,000 hours a year, he said. A double shift would do a great deal to minimise increas ing production costs and infla tion, Mr. Storey said. But before we could achieve that we must have a great increase in the labour force, an expand ing local market and a growing export market, which could be achieved only by lower costs. Temporary Housing "1 hope union leaders will realise that it is better to lead a growing union than one with a limited membership," Mr. Storey added. "Any employer who does anything to antagonise Labour to new arrivals or any union secretary who denies membership to new arrivals is jeopardising the future security of Australia. We must not let our children condemn this gen eration for gross failure to pre pare this country for their future defence." Mr. Storey said he would not be even slightly disturbed at the prospect of housing up to 40,000 European migrants in tents because we could not get sufficient building materials without labour,- which would have to be housed temporarily in the initial stages. "The im portant thing is whether condi tions are better than those under which migrants lived in Europe," he said. The present rate of about 55,000 houses a year would have to be stepped up to nearer 95,000 to accommodate the in creasing population. LONDON, Jan. 24: The first party of child migrants to be sent to Australia by the Na tional Children's .Home and Orphanage will sail on the liner Mooltan tomorrow. The Metho dist Church in Australia Will find accommodation for them and arrange education. and em ploympnt, The home is planning to send parties of about 50 children three times a year. Twelve hundred displaced per sons will leave Naples tomor row in the General Hann for Australia. The General Hann's departure will bring to about 110,000 the number of dis plabed persons who have left Italy in the past year under I.R.O. auspices. About 85,000 of them went to Australia. Reuters. 