200,000 Migrants for Aust. this Year big population aim Two hundred thousand per sons, mostly of British origin, would migrate to Australia in 1950, the Minister for Immi- gration (Mr. Holt) said. He appealed to Australians ot strive for a population of 10,500,000 by 1960. Outlining the Government's plans for immigration in the present year, Mr: Holt said great Importance was attached to ensuring that British migra tion was placed foremost. This would enable Australia to main tain her balance of population as a British community. "MUST KEEP BALANCE" "To maintain that proportion we must keep a proper balance of migration and see that the British element predominates," he said. In 1950, 70,000 Britons would be brought out under the as sSwi passage scheme. Thirty oeven thousand of these would be cared for by the Common wealth and 33,000 by the States. Thirty thousand Britons would come as full paying passengers. Fifty thousand displaced per sons would be brought in be fore December as well as 10,000 Dutch, including 1,500 ex-ser vicemen from Indonesia. The balance of 40,000 would be ex-servicemen from .Ireland, Malta and other Allied coun tries. Mr. Holt said that to handle the large number of British migrants the Government would earmark some displaced per sons' camps for Britons. Prom there they would be passed to industry or to Commonwealth hostels, so they might be ab sorbed in high priority jobs. A programme of works hos- j tels for British migrants would be launched, especial ly in country areas, where migrants could be absorbed into primary and rural in dustries. This would assist decentralisation plans. The present nomination sys tem would continue, with the Commonwealth scheme comple mentary to that of the States. ATTACK UNWARRANTED Mr. Holt said an attack on Australians by a Danish journ alist named Neilsen, who had returned to Denmark from Aus tralia with his family, was unr warranted. Neilsen's allegations that the Australian "native population," by its attitude towards new settlers, was sabotaging migra tion plans, were scandalous, he said. Newcomers to Australia as sisted in the commencement or completion of many notable public and private works. Am ong these were the Warragamba dam in New South Wales, elec tricity projects in Tasmania, and hospitals. Fears that migrant labour would mean competition with Australian workmen had been dispelled because more people were entering the country and more goods and services were required. The Chifley government wise ly prescribed that wages for mi grants should be similar to Aus tralian workers. The present Government would continue that practice. HOUSING "MAIN PROBLEM" State Immigration Minister's said their main problem in ab sorbing migrants was housing. Mr. Arthur (N.S.W.) said his State was "extremely appre hensive" of its ability to bring* in 20,000 British migrants this year because of the accom modation position. New South Wales would do its best to provide amenities for the new settlers who had "made a great impact on the economy of 'the country." Mr. Leggott (Vic.) said hous ing was the main problem, but other problems included attacks which had been made on Aus- i tralians as people who spurned I migrants. 