SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1950. BETTER USE SHOULD BE MADE OF ROAD TRANSPORT !N FAR NORTH QUEENSLAND. Generally speaking portion of ttia Far North of Queensland possesses a reasonably good road network, but this li not being raplolted to the full advantage of the travelling public and In the Interests of Industry and commerce :n the area. The dis trict referred to it that section beginning at the base of Cape fork Penln«ulaInnlsfeller tendlng (o (lightly north of cloudy settled areas of the Athertoo Tablelands. In these days, with quick transport avail iible. every inducement should be Cairns and west to embrace the beld out to enterprising indivi duals and firms to have passenger and freight conveying vehicles m the roads, much more so than Is now the case. The crossing of the Great Dividing Range by Mil is a. alow process not In keeping with modern methods of moving an swiftly as reasonably piacticable from one apot to an other. The Inhlbltlve policy of itae Transport Commission has b*en of such a nature that en ?owagement to conduct services hiis been lacking, leading to great loss of time which, under a sensible approach to the prob lem, could be avoided. If the {Jommlselon only could appreciate that time aavlng Is the lengthen ing of life, an Improvement should b. (Reeled. Valuable hours could bs devoted to the ?arryfng on of normal legitimate kuslness activities, which now are wasted both by alow trans port and failure to employ the ewtter type roadn of the province. At present, access to tht !atherton Tablelands by road can be effected Trom two Jumping off yolntt, one being at Calms and the second at Innlsfnll. In head ing wait from Cairns, service cars are obliged by clrcum atances to usa the tortuous GHIIes Highway. Buch a rout* haa many disadvantages, Including the epeed limit of IB miles per hour aver tho 12 miles between galoi wjth the 600 bends and tv.l«t« mid, secondly. It Is Only one way traffic restricting movement either way to certain hours. From Cairns, the present road traffic t-tstnm— proceeding over the travel surfaced Gillies Highway range climb emerges at Yungs. burra, continuing from that cen tin to Athcrton, with a branch service to Malanda. For yean tt has not been permlsnable for a road service fur passengers and fi eight to operate between the ?owns of.AUierton and Malanda —distance by rond It miles, a comfortable hair hour run. In ?ider to make rail connection, II la necessary to proceed from Atherton to Tolga and on to ?lalanda, a distance of 19 miles With only a trl-weckly passenger service. In order to travel from Cairns to Marerba, rail la the only pas ?enger tti-vlct operating. The journey occupies from three hours to (lightly over that time. For a distance of 46 miles, this cannot be claised aa a progres sive speed for what should bt -? progressive community. The worst feature to be considered Is that from Calms to Mareeba an excellent road, bitumensur faced and 24ft. wide, has been laid across the Kuranda Range, the distance to Mnreeba being 42 milts. By car U-la can be done in a fraction over an hour with out any reckless speeding. A ser vice coach could do the Journey comfortably In an hour and a half. While this route is froscn as far as North Queenslanders ?re concerned. It Is made avail able for parties of tourists when can bis booked for the purpose. Such discrimination on the part of the Government needs e» planatlon. the only logical con clusion arrived at by Northern era being that tourists must be moulded of some superior clay than that In the make-up of the genuine resident of the province. The road passenger facility which operates from Innlafail has aa its terminus on the Upper Tableland, Ravenahoe. with a dally service to that point, Mt. Garnet being tapped weekly In travelling to Ravenahoe, the service oars pass through Mlllaa Millaa, but, again to date. It has not been permlisable for cara to run on from there to Malanda Atharton and Mareeba. At long last, this anomaly or queer policy of the commission Is being modi fled, a license having been granted recently. It la Intended, aa soon as necessary formalities have bean completed and ar rangements made, that the ser vice will be In operation. In criticism of the poor trans port services of portions of the Far North, It would not be Jus* to apportion all the blame to the Northern Division of Railways. Senior officers of the department, charged with the conduct of that transport ayalem. are aubject to the Inexorable laws of supply and demand and art dictated to by clrcuinstanceH Just at any unit of a private enterprise must conform to conditions aa they exist. Blame, however, Is at tachable to those who frame the policy of the transport service* of Queensland, those vested by the elected of the people with the conduct of (lie affairs of the State. It It contradictory for the Government to build roads for the people and then disallow their USD In the Interests of the people. If the Government be einctre In Its desires trial North Queensland develop and flourish, It must remove transport r* ttrlctlons and anomalies -o that reasonable facilities be afforded for the speedier now of the people and produce of the north along the arteries provldod for that purpose. During July the Townsvtlle blanch of the Q.A.T.E. travelled 4625 miles and attended 1380 peo ple. Of these there were 165 ac cidents. 7SB transports, no offlct aases serious and 270 office cosot ?r a slight nature. The vessel Tomar at present in port loading approximately 1,000 tens of sugar for discharge at JiydnBy it due to aa'l from Towns -rllle on Saturday evening. The Tomar U a fast ship and will com plete the Journey to Sydney In «6 or 67 hours. This snip has a cruising speed of 17 knots and top apeed or 20 knots, A new vtssel, the Tomar hat only made three voyages, on two of which, the haa btrtheo In TownsvUlt. It cost one Tars resident 18/ a week for his children's school but transport, Mr. T. Eloy of Tars told the Queensland Selectors' Association conference in Bris bane. This was additional to the State Government subsidy of from 1/- to 1/6 for each child pas senger. The Conference adopted Mr. Eley's resolution requesllm; that the Government p«v the fun cost of running school bus services In Queensland country districts. | The tobacco and cigarettes euota will not he available In Townsville until August 22, com pared with the usual distribution date of August 10. Reason is due to floods In New Soulli Wales and inability to secure rail trans port A consignment wan placed aboard ahip in Sydney, but de parture was delayed owing to rain preventing loading. Unloading of the vessel at Brisbane has not been completed. Il la expected the tobacco quota will leeve Bris bane on next Friday nnd be avsll able in Townsville on Tuesday n-eek. Since April 28. this year the river at Black School Weir has not fallen below 28 fael. The: river at Oleeaon's Weir hu not I fullen below nine feet, and since , July 10 the height of Aplln't Weir has been over 17 feet, varying I Irom 16 to 17 led between April 28 and July 10. This, of course, 1* an abnormally heavy flow and ; consequent upon the prolonged , wet weather. Consumption of water la between 2.200.000 to I 2300,000 gallons a day. Last Sat urday (August 5) the consump tion was 2,639.000 gallons, Letters of administration with the will or Ivy Gladys Bowden Wldaowson deceased, formerly of Elderslie, and lately of the corner of Mary and Mosman Streets, Charters Towers, have been granted by the Registrar of the Supreme Court (Mr. J. Shannon) ?n August 10 to Rev. John Hoh tiln of Sydney and Eric Charles James Bishop of Townsville a» rxeoulors, aa In the will of John Rupert Wlddowson, the unlvcrsnl legatee named In the will of I. O. B. Widdowson and cole executor appointed under her mid '111. having predeceased I.er. The estate has a sworn reality under tl,276, peraonally 12.107. Work haa commenced i.n nu proving; Kitchener Road between Bnyswater Hoad and Bairytnan strert. The road will be grav elled and a bitumen surface pro vided. Cuncrete chanrlling is now being laid en the south side o[ Cook Street, between Howard and Ryan Streeta. The City Coun ell works atiiff or about 200 has been prevented from carrying out the programme aa planned by reason of the heavy rains which necessitated diversion or many men to urgent repairs. As It Is. however, (he staff is to be oom r .ended fot the efficient manner In which they have malntslnwi , tl.e roade And pti-eets under aiili It It teldom that Towntville receives a visit from two Danish ships, one on her maldtn voyage and another which 11 40 years old. and belonging to the same com pany, within a few weeks. Next week, the Danish vessel Mom hassa. which is on 1U maiden voy age will berth In Townsville from Brisbane and Bydney to load 2.000 tons of tine concentrate*. Mom basSa. which has aooommodation for 12 passengers, will then travel to the New Hebridles. A few weeks ago the vessel Asia was In port Asia was built in 191B and 1j the second oldest motor vessel afloat. Both vestela are of the Eastern Asiatic line. About 40 teachers are expected to attend a vacation school for teachers of continuation classes In bssic English for New Aus tralians from August 14 to 16. The school will be conducted st the Immigration Department's migrant holding centre. Enoggers, Brisbane. The Supervisor of Migrant Education (Mr. O. Pitt man) will be lecturer-ln-charce. For lit vears Mr. PiUmtn taught languages in Western Australia accondry schools. He hat been chler Instructor at Bathurst re ception and training centre. The Commonwealth has provided first- { clua return rail fare for teaohen who wi«h to attend. Teachers will attend from Cairna, Ingham, Townsville, Hughenden, Roma, I Emerald and Mitchell and other centres. Neville Howard Gerard (20 1 vtts fined 12 with 6/- costs In the 3ourt of Petty Sessions on Fridm lefore Mr. R. J. J. Hart, S.M., ,vhen he pleaded guilty through its solicitor. Mr. Graham Robert*, or having without tho authority it the Fauna Protection Act ol 1037 shot wild ducks In a closed 'cason. Sub- Inspector M. J ttugtnt told the bench at about 12.48 a.m. on July 7 the owner of Mt. St. John soo and sanctuary leard two shots fired, and, on In restlgattng, found Oarard on the sanctuary- On seeing Mr. St. John Robinson, Garard left the sanctuary and went to a vehicle parked outside. When queatloned by Mr. Robinson, he admitted having shot two ducks with a double barrelled shot gun. He said he had read In the papei where the zoo was being closed and thought he m allowed to shoot. The Sub-Inspector told Mr. Hart that other people had aho- ducks on the aanctuary but were very hard to ratch. A continuous supply of under ground and surface aleeper logs Is being provided for Mt. ta Mines from the Charter* Towers district The timber Is felled, hauled, and cut Into sleepers at Mr. c. McCsmley's Mosman Park sawmill. Mr. McCamley estimates that tlncr November. 1648, he has; supplied Mt lna Mines with about 7000 sleepers. In April this year, he established his own sawmill at his Musman Park home. A 60 horse-power motor has been In Btnlled to drive the m s. These are four foet and three feel in diame ter, for cutting sleeper lots, but in addition, there is a 20 inch saw for the manufacture of fence IBllngs. The timber- Morelon Bay nth and bloodwood— it ob tained about 35 miles from Chortrrs Towers, and called to the sawmill in a five-ton truck Standard railway sleepers are cut for the surface requirements si Mt. Isa. but the underground sleepers are eight IhCh by four inch, and four reel long. Nothing it wasted from the timber brought in. The tide cute snd other surplus are used for the manufacture of palings and for firewood. Mi McCamley has a contract to supply many thou sands of sleepers to Mt. It* Mines, where four miles or new surface track art at present be ing constructed. 