Formosa Root Of China's Intervention In Korea (By Afr Mail From Hugh A. Donn.) OXFORD: The fire in the Korean snow is burning brighter and fiercer every day, and is drawing the eyes of the whole of Europe-even those of the editors of the cheaper and sillier papers, who are now at length honouring it with prominence on the front page. You in Australis are very close to its heat, so probably what I am about to write will be known to you, but I think it will bear repetition. I talked recently with a very intelligent and unbiassed Chin- ese here in Oxford. He is hot a Commun ist, but gets quite fun information about current events from Peking each week.1 In talking of the trouble in the East, the point he stressed was that Formosa, and not Korea Itself, is tile root of the present action by the Chinese. The Pe- king Government, he said, feels that the Western countries, particularly America, have wrongly but firmly established themselves in Formosa. This may be thought necessary for American security, but the- fact remains that Formosa is ad- mittedly Chinese territory, and possession of it is being denied to tíie Government of China. America has threatened to use force to defend it, and is strongly placed to carry out this threat. My informant says that In Korea, which the Chinese, after many past experiences, consider vital to their security, tile Chinese intend to put themselves in the same posi- tion as America is in in For- mosa. Tñey want to be able to ensure that their voice is heard before any settlement is made, or, if necessary, to make their own settlement. This attitude is not justifi- able, af course, but it is per- fectly understandable, as it ls a dose parallel to tile position in Formosa, with Chinese land forces in the place of the Am- erican Navy. The folly of ignoring facts and the effective government of a nation with enormous military strength is now being , impressed on us, possibly too late. This is not written to condone China's action in Ko- rea, or to urge appeasement of any vast and mighty power; I ! should merely like to stress again that this trouble has arisen largely from that earl- ier legitimate grievance which would not nave existed if the United Nations had been* less dazzled by political colours. TEACHING MIGRANTS An interesting talk I have had recently was with a mem- ber of the Onthological Insti- tute in London- This organisa- tion is under the direction of C. K. Ogden, one of the de- visers and advocates of Basic English. Part of Its job at pres- ent is to provide quick and effi- cient methods of teaching some English to the "new Australian" emigrants before they leave ¡Europe. They have only a few ¡weeks in which to do this, but 'the results produced are quite remarkable. ! The "new Australians*' come from all over Europe; many of them are in fact still fearful of pursuit and forcible return to their native lands. Zn the camp in Germany at which much of the training is done, the emigrants are divided into classes in which no two have the same native language; from then on, their only com- mon speech is in Bnglish. The teachers use nothing but Eng- lish in their lessons, and illus- trate new words and phrase: by means of drawings, films and pantomime. Under these condi- tions, progress is surprising and by the time that the emi- grants from Europe become im- migrants in Australia, dey hav< a reasonable grasp on th« language. It seems that agitators occa- sionally stir up trouble in th« ¡camp, but I believe that tin screening of Communists is ver] effective, and few really ferven ones can hope to reach you though there may be a plnkist tinge to some. RUGBY VICTORY It was pleasant to turn fran a clash with Reds to a dasi between Blues* On December ! the annual Oxford-Cambridg Rugby match took place an« resulted in a sound victory fo Oxford by 8-0. In England tal is more than merely an inter University match; it is a na tional occasion, and'every bax ber and taxidriver abandon Soccer for the day to discus the prospects of the teams. /This year the match ws played in bitterly cold wea the with snow still lying on tt ground. It had been free-six bard for two days beforehani and on Tuesday the tempert ture never rose above 30 di grees. One result of this wi that tiie crowd was slightly le numerous than last year's-on 52,000 people managed to tal time off to watch it. Those who were there, wrap- ped in rugs and hot-water bottles, with large warming : flasks of hot coffee and what have-you, saw a particularly 'vigorous game, with massive forwards keeping themselves warm by battering their oppon- ents with astounding vehemence. Before the game and at half- time, the, band of the Royal Marines, dressed as for an Arc- tic campaign, emerged from a Asy nook In the grandstand and gallantly shivered in the middle of the ground while they played rather Inconse- quential music. Some idea of the standard of football played in this match may be gained from the fact that, a week before they went to Twickenham to meet Cam- bridge, Oxford defeated a teamj composed entirely of interna- tionals who had recently re- turned from their triumphant tour of Australia and New Zea-' land. An event of almost equal im- portance, which received, how-; ever, rather less publicity, took place the day before tile Rugby at Twickenham. This was the annual football match between the Australians at Cambridge and those at Oxford. Although an inferior game, Australian Rules is thought to be the most fitting code to play on these occasions. The few Wnglish spectators were completely as- tounded by the sight, as were some of the players, and Ox- ford were victorious by some complicated margin of goals and behinds. This game was played in a snow-storm, on a field covered with snow to a depth of about two inches- This was pleasant at first, as those who knew little about the game could amuse themselves by throwing snowballs at their opponents at strategic moments when they were in doubt about the correct action to take. Âfter a time, however, the trampling of boots turned the field into a mess of ice and slush, which was not nearly so pleasant. HARD TIMES FOR GYPSIES As we drove down to London the next day, when the white magic of the falling snow had given way to its sordid after- math of mud and dangerously slippery roads, we passed sev- eral gypsy caravans drawn up in lanes, with their ragged, dirty, colourful inhabitants huddling miserably around their cooking pots in the open. This mysterious people, whose origin is still in doubt, have fallen on hard times in pres- ent-day Britain. For centuries they have been a lawless, shift- less, nomadic section of un- social society, providing ma- terials for tales, romances and childish nightmares. Even in the last few months we have had a case of an unwanted child being given to the gyp- sies. Though heartily, distrusted, they flourished on minor em- ployment and minor crime, go- ing their own way. Now, new by-laws are being made to prevent them from wintering- on common lands. Ministry of Health regulations can compel them to move even from the private property of; kindly-disposed landowners, andi ¡tiley break the law if they I stay more than 24 hours in; i any one place. So they are har ! ried from camping ground to , camping ground, with the vil- lage policeman looking as a ¡ symbol of oppression, and their children figuring ever more , prominently in the lists of ju- venile delinquents. Some we have heard of were lucky ? enough to be settled before th« recent tightening of regula ! täons; one whose parents wen , roadside tinkers only ten year: ¡ago, is now the holder of a I scholarship to the universits here. In their present sorry state, the "romany travellers" have appealed to Convocation to help them, and the Bishops of Gloucester and Hereford have discussed their plight with the Home Office and the Ministry of Health, who have promised to "consider the matter fur- ther." NORTH SEA iHAriS It may be as great as sur- prise to you as it was to me, to learn recently liât the shark fishing industry is' not confined to tropical waters. It seems that the North Sea is teemmg! with sharks, and a small fleet, of Danish boats catches hun-' dreds of them each time they IgO out. Old East Anglian fishermen who have been catching herring off the "Rnglish coast for 50 [years or more could hardly- be- lieve their eyes when they saw the catch on board a Danish boat that put into Lowestoft for repairs. The sharks are of a small species called porbeagles, and are from 12 to 20 stone in weight. They are sold m Den- mark for about 1/- a lb-, for export to Italy. So fare fishmerchants in this country have shown only hor- ror and indignation L, any sug- ? gestion that they should buy this fish, but if prices continue to rise we may yet see snarl displacing cod as the cheap stock fish on the Tgngftsfti mar- ket. The festival of Britain 1B nearly upon us. The new buildings on the South Bank ot the Thames are all but com- plete, the displays are already planned and under construc- tion, and tile owners of both swings and roundabouts ase' sure that great profits are to be made. These latter bave bad their optimism slightly dampened by the decision of tbs House of Commons not to allow the amusement park to open on Sundays. This, sa? the fun-merchants, wfll cut their profits by a half, bul permanent residents nf «i* area around the park have heaved sighs of relief,' as the] wfll have one day in seven ol relaxation from the noise tha- is going to domaste the neigh I bourhood. The festival promises wen al : ready, and several of the majo ' London hotels are airead; i booked out for the whole sum mer. Some of the people wh , are not absolutely delighted « ' the prospect of even large ¡ crowds of overseas visitors ar riving are the staffs of sucl & places as Australia House, wh already have to make them Í selves unpopular by their ano cation of a severely restricts i number of tickets to popula ; events. One of the mal , sources of trouble is connecte with the Royal Garden partie for only 300 tickets are avail able: annually to Australian : OVer 1000 usually apply, an great are the heartburning an bitterness of the many wt cannot go. DAT AT WmPSNADE Kow in the depths of winte it is pleasant to think back c the autumn-aa. autumn, whlc began by repaying us for summer of wetness and uncei tainty with a magnificent loi Indian summer of calm bli and gold days, with no win« or frosts' to blow or shear tl rusting leaves from off ti trees. This lovely time mat us think once again of sigh seeing, though the most con fortable time for this was pa One Bundavweset off to dri< the thirty dod miles to Whij snade-« trip pe had want to make for some time. Th was the day that tba last tra of summer went, and tl warmth and colour all turn abruptly to misty, chilly gre; ness. Even tins has its o\ Beauty, however, and the scene, instead of a painting becomes an etching, with an infinite variety of shades of greys, and dark browns. The roar of a lion came through the mist. James Stew- art disentangled his wife's handbag from the turnstiles, smiled his celebrated photo- genic, apologetic smile for de- laying our entry, and stepped! aside to let us enter Whip snade Park. So began a pleas- ant hour or two looking over! the only zoo I have yet seen to compare with Sydney's Taronga Park. The zoo, as we saw when we stopped staring at film' stars, has a splendid position high on the downlands to Hie east of Oxford. Most of the animals have huge paddocks to roam in, the grass is green, springy and lush, and the only dispir- ited creatures to be seen were the ambitious humans who had walked around the enormous park instead of riding in their own oars or in a sort of motor train thoughtfully "provided by 'the management. The deer ¡and birds look particularly healthy, but the most favoured i animals are the wallabies, I which are free to roam whew tiley like. With becoming modesty they appear to prefej to stay in a small thicket neal the tiger's cage, from whicr they get a fine view of the sur- rounding country. They seem U thrive in the cold climate, a do the Australian cockatoos, al ways surrounded by an adm ir ing crowd. The dingoes, 01 the other hand, seemed rathe miserable; most of them ha< been born In Whipsnade, an< these are rather undersize< by our standards. 7500 STUDENTS Oxford itself is more crowd© than ever this year; there ar about 7500 students here slight decrease-but the Indus trial side of the city is growin apace, and the narrow s*reel have an even heavier bürde of lorries and trucks to bear. One of the main streets lu already been paved with rubbi in an effort to lessen vibratic which might affect the ancle buildings, but those who li' close to the centre of the to? say that the walls obble ai the rafters creak at the rwa\ lot the traffic. far no bulli lng has in fact fallen down; the sowers still stand "proud and serene against the sky." though the sight of the students who throng the streets and coffee shops must occasionally trouble! their serenity. j The average age of the mem- bers of the University ls de- creasing, and. the ability to be outstanding by virtue of a par- ticularly luxuriant beard or sweeping side-levers ls conse- quently diminishing. Paced with the sad prospect of re- lapsing into normality, many students have decided that their personal distinction must be in dress, which is according- ly becoming more slid more fantastic. Green trousers and fancy yellow waistcoats are .al- ready well established, and there ls a strong move to popu- larize a scarlet sash or cum- merbund as a regular feature of tiie' young man's ensemble. It seems that in these letters I have said very little about Oxford itself- another example of familiarity breeding indiffer- ence, though not contempt, for if I had been a casual visitor here I should have described lt in some detail. There are. of course, two Oxfords-one the University city which is largely tucked away in quiet back streets, and the other the vigorous, growing, industrial city which has already swamped its predecessor and imposed Its personality on the centre of the town. Much of the change in the old Oxford ls the result of an accident of birth-the birth of the present Lord Nuffield in the city. His works at Cowley and their many subsidiaries have greatly changed the character of the whole town. It ls rather Interesting to know that soon, af ter the Nor- man Conquest, en ancestor of Lord Nuffield-William Morris -was a serf, cultivating land belonging to the Norman gct - ernor, Robert D'Oay. Now Nuffield is a great benefactor of Oxford, and D'Oily's descend- ants, now called Deeley, are lo- cal farmers. TRADITION RETAINED The Oxford Preservation Trust does' all it can to pre- serve tue traditional appear- ance of the town. Whenever land in the neighbourhood is to be disposed of, and it can be seen from the town, or the town can be seen from it, the Trust rushes to the spot and purchases it, or persuades the owner, to give it to them. So, little by little, they are build- ing up a green belt of parkland around the old town. Under the pressure of the growfnf* population of Cowley, however, local councils are being com- pelled to erect more and more housing estates of tiny, unat- tractive, prefabricated house? "temporary" dwellings which will still be with us in 40 years' time. In the University town, there is a determined effort to keep things as they have been *v the last 500 years or so. There was such an outcry at the com- paratively modernistic lines of the New Bodleian Library that there has been no attempt to follow its lead, and the design of Nuffield College, which is now nearing completion, has reverted to the strictly tradi- tional. One college disapproves strongly of motor traffic; as they own a street not 50 yards] from the busiest one in Oxford, they have managed to impress this disapproval very forcibly by keeping it roughly cobbled and in bad repair, so that only those who know no better, or have the oldest of cars, venture : along it. Another effort to . keep up the ancient ap I pearance of the place was made : by the dignified head of a col > lege, who was seen one vacation i vigorously painting a new L building with soot and water * until lt matched in dinginess the rest of the college. 