EXPECTED IN 1950 CANBERRA, Tuesday.--Two hundred thousand persons, mostly of British origin, would migrate to Austral'a in 1950, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Holt) told the Australian citzenship convention to-day. Ic appealed to Australians to striv for a population of 10,500,000 by 1960. Outlining the Government's plans for immigration in the present year, Mr. Holt said great importancc was attached to ensuring thatf British migration was placed fore tost. This would enable Australia to maintain her balance of popu lation as a British community. "Must Keep Balanee" "To 'maintain that proportion we tmust keep a proper balance of nmigration and see that the British element predominates," he said. In 1950. 70,000 Britons would he brought out under the assisted passage scheme. Thirty-seven thousand of these would be cared for by the Commonwealth and 33,000 by the States. Thirty thousand Britons would come as full paying passengers. Fifty thousand displaced persons would be brought in before Decem ber as well as 10,000 Dutch, in cluding 1500 ex-servicemen from Indonesia. The balance of 40.000 would be ex-servicemen from Ireland, Malta and other Allied cotntries. Mr. Holt said that to handle the large number of British migrants the Government would earmark somc displaced persons' camps for Britons. From there they would be passed to industry or to Com monwealth hostels, so they might be absorbed in high priority jobs. A programme of works hostels for British migrants would be launched, especially in country areas, where migrants could be ab sorbed into primary and rural in dus-.ries. This would assist decen tralisation plans. Tie present nomination system would continue, with the Common wealth scheme complementary to that of the States. Mr. Holt said an attack on Aus tralians by a Danish journalist namel Neilsen, who had returned to Denmark from Australia with his family, was unwarranted. Neilsen's allegations that the Aus tralian "native population," by its attitude towards new settlers, was sabotaging migration plans, were scandalous, he said. Newcomers to Australia assisted in the commencement or comple tion of many notable public and private works. Among these were the Warragamba dam in New South Wales, electricity projects in Tasmania, and hospitals. Fears that migrant labour would mean competition with Australian wvorkmen had been dispelled be cause more people were entering the country and more goods and services were required. The Chifley government wisely prescribed that wages for migrants should be similar to Australian workers. The present Government would continue that practice. Housing "Main Problem" State Immigration Ministers said their main problem in absorbing nugrants was housing. Mr. Arthur (N.S.W.) said his State was "extremely apprehensive" of its ability to bring in 20,000 British migrants this year because of the accommodation position. New South Wales would do its hest to provide amenities for the iew settlers who had "made a great impact on the economy of the country." Mr. Leggott (Vie.) said housing sas the main problem but other problems included attacks which had been made on Australians as people who spurned migrants. 