I (gandid Comment By ONLOOKER ii announced :that artists j[ Lionel Lindsay and Syd. ;¡ Long had resigned from the $j. ^''board bf .trustees öf the Art ?l "' Gallery "about * a month ago," people asked why the ¡j> --"vacancies had not been filled. No answer. " .:. ' But actually there arei three 'vacancies; William'- Dobell drop ped out a couple of years back .f and has never been replaced^' .;; . Why?' J Because, I, hear, Clive li Evatt pressed' hard for the post lj and Education Minister .'Heffron j; who makes the appointments, I j. wouldn't .have him. So the jot ;; was justileft open. " - »' Clive's';.standing is'not what.it t! was. .when-he helpeci. McGirr to ii the' leadership agaihst ' Heffron ¡Í three" years ago, biit'he still has M somè pull with thê'^Pjremier. ¿?í !' , There's alrcady; an; Evatt'.'çn ;' the Gallery^ Trust^-tKirs. H. "V, I: Ànd a very good member she is, they say:' ' ;. . ; . The "Doc/!' himself is president \\\ of-the Public Library trustees. Re lieyèd .pï^his-.Ministerial" burdens, he . took- /joyer the,. chairmanship : from T.^;D. Mutch, at" a. recent meeting^7-emarkçd; that he 'hoped : to .he. rô&£thejrt 'rncjre regularly '; in futuref^-^^;:, .;*;.'.-. :: Education -Fdr - Leisure? : : TÎ5ITY t¿e, p'ç)ôf;;flve-day-wéèkcrs ;.' whoTdóh't:know what to 'do ? ? with themselves. on Saturday :. mornings.". ... ; SomeArnioh officials in.Mel bourne think that sports should be ? j organised-.to relieve them of-their ' boredom and "keep them from habits that, might militate against .; a healthy and vigorous mind." ..Trotting trials and football ... matches have been suggested. . Nothing like the trots, with a spot '.. of betting, to develop keen minds! \ " A football council spokesman ? . said he thought football on Sat ufday mornings would be "un natural." But not so much so as work on .' Saturday mornings. That's be toming the really unnatural thing in this country. . - - ?V foreign er s ?: Not Loved IMMIGRATION Minister Holt ? said what a Minister would "'; be expected to say in repudiating ;. as a "gross slander" the statement bv-a Danish journalist, Poul Niel- sen, that Australians as a whole ;. dislike foreigners. "As a whole" is pretty sweep- ing;. But isn't it true that many Australians * behave sourly or snootily towards newcomers from Europe? We are an insular people, prone to look down our noses at migrants who don't speak our language properly or have the same sort of manners as our- selves. . And, unhappily, the brash de- portment of.some foreigners tends to deepen local prejudices. In refutation of Nielsen's com- plaint, Mr. Holt refers to what Australia has done in befriending refugees, and admitting displaced persons. But that isn't the point. "The Dane, himself a disappointed mi- grant, admits that the Australian authorities want Europeans, to settle here, but.says the popula ' tipn is indifferent or hostile. Popular sentiment may some day'catch up with officiai migra- tion policy: lt hasn't done so yet. ? - . Strike, A Light! T T just shows you what happens * when' a. Government is too greedy with its tax-grabs. Excise duty on matches is higher than the cost of manufac- turing them,' and sales tax is .added.. Also, matches until, lately have been scarce-and some of them break off near the top, or spurt on your clothes. Sp mechanical lighters have be- come popular. ' There is said to be about a million of them in use in Australia. ' Annual output here is around 50,000. Now the union concerned with -match'-making wants a levelling ,up tax, put on lighters. Why not level 'down ' the tax on matches? . lt isn't correct that lighters are free of tax. There is no excise, but sales tax is 8 1-3 per cent., and duties on the imported article range from 20 p.c. British to 41i p.c. general tariff. The union laments that it is impossible to stage a strike in the match industry because people can turn to lighters. Too bad. Odd angle: The Commonwealth munitions factory at Footscray (Mclb.) makes about half of the lighters produced in Australia. Up In Smoke '"PHE more you smoke the more *. matches you use-and the more yo ii pay in taxes on both, matches and tobacco. And . Australians are smoking far more heavily than before the war. ' Latham Withall, Associated Chambers _ of Manufactures spokesman in Canberra, has been doing some calculating on the subject. He finds that Australians are consuming 4.361b of tobacco head annually, compared wit 3.331b 10 years ago. On this smokers pay £34 million in Customs and excisi compared with £7± million pre war. Makes you wonder what woul happen to Treasurer Fadden Estimates if we all gave up th habit. Public benefactors and pr: vate mugs-that's what smoker are. Food For Britain I REMARKED last week thal * although ' Food Ministe Strachey had assured Britons thc; were getting sufficient calories proteins, and what-not, I knev of no case of Australian friend being asked not to send furthe food parcels. I know of one now. Mr. A Driels, Eastlakes, writes: "M: sister, Mrs. T. Stern, of Buck land'Crescent, London, asked m< nearly two years ago not to sene any .more food parcels, as the) were able to buy all the food the) heeded.!' Adds Reader Driels, unkindly "That anonymous 'Onlooker couldn't possibly be interested ir the coming British elections; could he?" Of course he could, and is. Bill he is still more interested, politics apart, in seeing that the meagre, monotonous rations of the British continúe to be supplemented by well-wishers here. The British are an independent folk. They hate being indebted to .anyone for favours. When parcels are no longer needed they can be trusted to say so. No Absentees A LSO from the letter-bag. Mr. H. Kieusseux, Marrickville, writes that my last week's critic, "Equity," was "a bit out" in say- ing that people in the amusement services, unlike shop assistants, get a week-day off if they have to work on Saturdays. According to Correspondent Kieusseux: "Cine operators in all city shows work six days a week and all holidays, except Christmas Day and Good Friday. ' They get three weeks' holiday a year. "I worked as electrician and operator for 25 years, six days a week, and all ordinary public holidays. "lt is only in thc last 10 years operators have been granted holi- days, and, believe it or not, thc theatre operating staffs have the highest record of any employees for non-absenteeism. Absenteeism is entirely non-existent." Well, if that's so, "Onlooker" congratulates them. 