READER WANTS: White lines on road edges I AGREE with 'Dipper' (C.-M., 13/4/50). A suggestion that I would like to see tried out is to institute white lines on the ex- treme edges of roads as well as in the centre. The tendency of most drivers is to hug the white line. and with glaring headlights approaching, the drivers would automatically keep well towards the line on the left hand side, with the result that cars would be as far as possible apart and the drivers' eyes would be trained away from the glare. I cannot see a good reason why this suggestion would not make for much greater safety, and. if any reader or authority could ad vftfice a reason against it, I would like to read of it through .your columns.— Clarence N. Nctthclm (Edward Street, Brisbane). ? Road resumption A BOUT twelve months ago it was A reported in your columns that the Brisbane City Council had de cided 'to make a resumption on the west side of Lutwyche Koad. from the General Hospital to the Kedron Park Hotel. However, the Commonwealth Bank has just completed a new branch on Lutwyche Road, near Chalk Street, and I have noted with dismay that this new building i:; on the old alignment. It will be a matter for 'egret, and an abrogation of the oresent Council's avowed interest in long range civic planning, if the Coun cil has lacked the courage to proceed with this essential resump tion.— 'Traffic Minded' . ( Kedron ) . [The Town Chrk (M't. Slaughter ) said thai the Com monwealth Bank had bought at)* old building as its temporary] quarters lor Lutwyche. The Council had entered into tn agree ment that when it Was ready to go ahead with the realignment of Lutwyche Road, the bank prem ises would be shifted back.] ? Communist' ban? Ti: a pamphlet headed. 'Promises Made and Kept,' the Liberal Party declare that Legislation har. been' brought down in the Federal Parliament to ban the com munists. I challenge my opponent, on i whose behalf this pamphlet is ! lsrued, to give the date on which such legislation was introduced into the Federal Parliament. — W. Moore (Minister for Mines and I Immigration). ! ? Soldier settlement j QUEENSLAND, with 13 per cent. I of Australia's population, has I thrown open for soldier settlement i less than 3 per cent, of the total ! land thrown open in Australia, and that, in a State with more potential country suitable for closer settlement, than any other State. In Mr. Hanlon's policy speech he mentions that 3643 exservice men had received £4,378,000 under the War Service Land Settlement Act and the Commonwealth Re establishment and Employment Act. One outstanding point he failed to mention was that over 85 per cent, of these exservice men did not draw blocks of land and were financed by the Govern ment to develop them, as most of his audience believed, out were privileged men who were in the financial position to raise a big percentage of the cost of their farms, thus becoming eligible to an Agricultural Bank loan. The inefficient handling of the War Service Land Settlement Scheme, in my opinion, condemns the present State Labour Govern ment.— J. G. Kelly (Toombul). ? Central Station bar T WISH to draw attention to the disgraceful conditions at pres ent existing in* the Railway re freshment bar at Central Station. In a room approximately 30 x 30 an assembly of nearly 200 people are pushing and shoving to pro cure a drink at 5 p.m., and there is practically no room to stand back and have a drink without being jostled. As the Railway refreshment room cafe has ceased to serve meals a good deal of space is now vacant in what used to be the kit chen and servery. This space could easily be added to the present 'Black Hole of Cal cutta.' Prior to the war. this bar was one of the cleanest and best stocked bars in the city. — 'Old Traveller' (Sandeate). ? — From ? Trevor Smith of our London Staff the chief Russian submarine base, maintaining 200 U-boats, while naval dockyards haVe been estab lished at Stettin and elsewhere. 4\. Kolberg, now Polish, has be come the Soviet's main rocket base from which the Russians claim they could bombard the Ruhr. It is recalled that Captain Brun sinski, chief of the Neptune naval dockyards at Rostock — previously a German naval base — recently tblci the .German workers, 'We are in a position to prevent a submarine surprise attack.' after which he described a 25ft. long antisub marine weaRon , carrying mines which could be moved into the right position and depth for at tack by a secret apparatus. Slave workers THE Russians have been carrying out manoeuvres in the vicinity of Bornholm — a strategic island controlling the approaches to the Russian areas of the Baltic from the West— but Bornholm is Danish, the Russians having surrendered it after the oc cupation immediately after the war. The secrecy of the Russian work in the Baltic is indicated by the evacuation of the East Germans, and the transforming of giant luxury hotels erected ior German ? holiday makers into barracks for tens of thousands of workers busily completing the Baltic Wall. These workers include Germans \vho. if they volunteered, are paid double the normal wages in the Eastern zone, enjoy special rations, and are allowed to have their families with them. Each worker, however. i» screened by the Russians to pre vent the entry of spies and sabo teurs. There are also slave work ers from the Soviet concentration camps. Neither type are allowed to leave the job. although a few oc casionally escape. 