200,000 Migrants ' This Year CANBERRA, January 24. Two hundred thousand persons mostly of British origin, would migrate to Australia during 1950, the Minister for Immi- gration (Mr Holt) told the Australian Citizenship Conven- tion today. He appealed to all Austra- lians to work and strive for a population of 10,500,000 by 1960. Outlining the Government's plans for immigration during the present year, Mr Holt said great importance was attached to ensuring the British migra-j tion was placed first and fore-j most. This would enable Aus-j tralia to maintain her present balance of population as a| British community. j "In order to maintain that proportion," he said, "we must keep a proper balance of mi- gration and see the British element predominates." Another point made by Mr Holt was that in 1950 a total of 70,000 Britishers would be brought out under the assisted passages s-aeme. Of these 37,000 would be cared for by the Commonwealth and 33,000 by the States. Thirty thousand Britishers would come to Australia as full paying passengers and 50,000 displaced persons would be brought in befo-e December, as well as 10,000 Dutch, including 1500 ex-servicemen from In- donesia. The balance of 40,000 would be ex-ser"icemen from Ireland, Malta and other Allied countries. Mr Holt said tnat in order to handle the large number of British migrants ,the Govern- ment would earmark certain of the displaced persons' camps for Britishers. From there they would be passed to indus- try or to Commonwealth hos- tels so that they might be ab-; sorbed into high-priority jobs. COUNTRY HOSTELS Mr Holt said a programme of hostels for British Jiigrants would be launched, especially in country areas, where mi- grants could be absorbed Into primary and rural industries.; This would assist décentralisa-! tion. ; The present nomination sys-! tem would continue, with the Commonwealth scheme sup- plementary to that of tiie States. ; Mr Holt said an attack on Australia by a Danish jour- nalist, Pul Neilson, who had returned to Denmark from Australia with his family, was unwarranted. Neilson's allegations that Australia's "native population," by its* attitude towards new settlers, was sabotaging the migration plans was scandal- ous, said Mr Holt. New- comers to Australia had assist- ed in the commencement or completion of many notable public and private works. More than 600 were in various primary works in New South Wales and it would have been impossible to have cut the last sugar crop in Queensland without the help of European migrants. Mr Holt said fears that migration labour would mean competition with Australian workmen had been dispelled, because with more people en- tering the country, more goods and services were required. METHODIST PLAN LONDON, January 24.-The first party of child migrants to be sent to Australia by the National Children's Home and Orphanage will sail on the Mooltan tomorrow. The Methodist Church in Australia will find accom- modation for them and ar- range education and employ- ment. The home is planning to send parties of about 50 chil- dren three times a year. 