A Swedish Woman Likes Our Sun... Mrs. Andreas Ekmanl, wife of the captain of the Swedish ship Stratus, now in Newcastle, likes Australia so much that she plans to stay for a year. There are three main attrac tions-Australia's flowers, fruit, and sunny beaches (except for he sharks). The long winter and dry air of Gothenburg were trying for a person born in the south, Cap ain Ekman said. His wife's health should pick up after a stay in Australia. The captain speaks perfect Eng lish. Mrs. Ekman is just beginning, and has mastered a few phrases already. She knows Swedish ipcaking friends in Sydney and hopes to live near them. When Mrs. Ekman goes home on the Stratus's next voyage or the one after, she will probably be as know ledgeable as her two sons and two daughters, who all speak English. She saw Australia briefly when Captain Ekman came out on the Mirrabooka early in 1948, but be ,ond that Mrs. Ekman's travels with her husband have been confined to the European coast. Seafaring runs in the family. The elder son is in the shipping com pany's office and the second boy is first officer on a Swedish ship running to America. A week to-day, October 19, their younger daughter, Barbro (Barbara) will be married in Stockholm. Wed. ding plans were announced alter Mrs. Ekman had decided to cosnt to Australia, and, since Miss Ekman was working away from home, no one's schedule was altered. "We tried to book a radio tele phone to Barbro in Stockholm when we arrived in Australia, but the static was too bad," Captain Ekman said. "I have called my wife on the ship's telephone from all over the world and usually have had perfect reception." The living quarters of the Stratus have the tasteful and dignified air of a lovely home. The tapestry furniture is covered with equally attractive chintz covers while no passengers are on board. Other tables, chairs and cabinets are made of polished wood in period style. The carved mantelpiece in the smoking room conceals a built-in radio and record player. On each side hang crayon drawings done in 1941 by A. N. Skum, an untutored Lapp artist. They show Laplanders herding reindeer or crossing the snow in reindeer sleds. Eacll bedroom has its own bath room, with taps producing hot, cold, fresh and salt water. Some single cabins have four-poster beds with fringed canopies at ceiling level. Mrs. Ekman takes an interest in the scientific apparatus on the ship and knows the use of each instru ment. In the captain's sitting room are pictures of her family and six grandchildren. She spent many Iours at sea knitting clothes for the children to wear in tIhe winter, which is breaking over Sweden. ... But Two Dream Of A White Christmas Christmas Eve is the festive day of Yuletide in Sweden, and on Christmas Day the country people drive to church in snow sleds in the dark of 7 a.m., lighted candles shining from every window as they pass. Ingrid Lundbergh and Carin Anderson are keen to see the world, but they want to be home in Gothenburg for Christmas. They are stewardesses on the Stratus, which should be in Sweden by mid-December. "It wouldn't feel right to have Christmas without snow,"-said Miss Lundbergh. Christmas Eve for them is the time for parties and present'. On Christmas Day they go to church, then rest. Daylight comes about 9 a.m. and fades at 4 p.m. Miss Lundbergh was born in Denmark and can speak both Dan ish and Swedish. She also speaks good English, having lived in Eng land for three years, and learned French during a long stay in France. A smattering of Spanish completes the lingual list. Miss Anderson does not speak English. Five years ago the girls signed on as stewardesses on the Saga, a pas senger ship plying between Sweden and England. For four years they were on that run, which was high lighted each January by a cruise south. Passengers on the cruise were mostly wealthy Swedes and a few English. The Saga went from Gothenburg to London, Lisbon, Gibraltar, Tangier, Casablanca and Madiera. Casablanca was the girls' de light, because when they managed to get ashore after dinner duties, life was still bubbling over." Night spots and theatres were open till the early hours, and Arab shops operated till 10 p.m. Last July they wanted to see Aus tralia, and signed on with the Stratus. The ship brought Swedish immigrants among its passengers, including two young Swedes who planned to go north to establish a vegetarian colony, and a Danish boy migrating to New Zealand. Miss Lundbergh said she thought Sydney was one of the most beau tiful cities she had seen. "Every thing is nice--the shops, the sur roundings and the people." But there is one criticism of Aus tralia. When they finish at 5 p.m. and go ashore, "everything is closed. We can see nothing and do nothing but window-shop." In Sweden, too, shops close at 6 p.m., but cafes are open till mid night. In Miss Lundbergh's cabin are two fresh watercolour paintings by Dardel, whom she describes as "the only modern Swedish artist who will go down in history." Miss Lundbergh is keen about art. Site does oils and water col ours. Even if time has not always allowed her to do careful studies of, ports-of-call she has seen, she has usually managed a quick sketch asl a souvenir. 