OXFORD LETTER: FORMiSA^iar * i TROUBLE CENTRE OF EAS1 (By biieb Dunn. Old. Rhodes Scholar) THE fire in the Koreap snows is barmng linghter and fiercer every day, and it drawing the eyes of the whole of Europe — evea ; those of the editors of the cheaper and sillier papers, who are now at length honouring it with prominence on the front' page. You, in Australia, are very close to its heat, so probably -what I am about to write wifllbe known to you, but J think it .will bear repetition. I talked recently with a very in telligent and unbiassed Chinese here in Oxford. He is not a Communist, but gets quite full information about current events from Peking each week. In talking of the trouble in the East the point he stressed was that | Formosa, and not Korea itself, is the rooi -oF.ilie present action by the Chinese. j The Peking government, he said, feels Uiat the Western , countries, particularly Am erica, have wrongly but firmly established themselves In For- i mosa. This may be thought neees- ! Sflry for Amecican security, but I the fact remains that For mosa is admittedly Chinese tor- ; rilofy, and possession of it is being denied to the Govern- j ment of China. America, has , threatened to use force to de-! lend it. and is strongly placed to carry out this threat. * My informant says that in Korea, which the Chinese, after many past experiences, consid er vital to their security, the Chinese intend to put them selves in tho same position as America is in Formosa. The.v want to be able to ensure that their voice is heard before any settlement is made, c-r, if neces sary. to make their own settle ment. NOT JUSTIFIABLE This attitude is not justifi able. of course, but it is oer fcctly understandable, as it is a etose parallel to the position in Formosa, with Chinese Land forces in tjic place of the Am erican Nnv'. The folly of ig noring facts and the effective govrrnnent of a nation with enormous military strength, js now being impressed on us, possibly too late. This is nnt written to condone China's action in Korea, or t& urge appeasement of any vast and mighty power; I should merely like to stress again that) this trouble has arisen largely | i'rom that earlier legitimate ; tfjievsnce. which would not | have existed if the United Na tions had been less dazzled by 1 political colours. ! An interesting talk I have had recently was with a mem ber of the Ortholcgical Institute ; in London. This organisation , is under the direction of C. K. Ogden, one of the devisers and advocates of Basic English. Part of its job at present is to urovidc quick and efficient methods of (caching some Eng lish to the 'New Australian' emigrants before they leave Europe. They have only a few weeks in which to do this, but the results produced arc quite remarkable. The 'new Australians' com* from all over Europe; many of then) are in fact still fearful of pursuit and forcible return to their native lands. I11 the camp in Germany at which much of the training is done, the emigrants are divided into classes in which no two have the same native language: from then on, their only common speech is in English. The teach ers use nothing but English in their lessons, 4md illustrate new words and phrases by means? of drawings, films and pantomime. Under these con ditions, progress is surprising, and by the lime that the emi- 1 grants from hurope become im migrants in Australia, they have a reasonable grasp on the language. It seems that agitators occas ionally slir up trouble in the camp, but I believe that the screening of Communists is very effective, and few really , fervent ones can hope to reach you, ahi-jgh there may be a pinkish tinge lo some. BLUES CLASH It was pleasant to turn from a clash with Reds to a clash be tween Blues. On Tuesday, De cember 5. Ihr annual Oxford Cambridge Rugby match took place and resulted in a sound victory far Oxford 8-0. In Eng land. this is more than merely an inter- University matoh; it is a national occasion, and every barber ani taxidrivcr abandons socccr for the day io discuss the prospects of the teams. This year the match was played in bitterly eoki weather, with snow still lyin^ 011 the ; round. It had been freezing hard for two days be frrchand. and on Tuesday the lemnerature never rc-.ic above 30 decrees. One result of this was th.it the erowjj was slightly less numerous than last year's — only 52.000 people ma.iajicd to take time off io watch it. Tho.se who were there, wrapped in rugs and hot -water bottles, with large warming fiasks of hot coffee and what-have- ycu, saw a particularly vigorous game, I with massive forwards keeping , themselves w&rm; bv 'battering ' their opponents with astound ing vehement ;.'£U?fore the, game and at ? half-time, the band of the Royal Marines, dressed as for, an Arctic cam paign, emerged from a cos.v nook in the 14 grandstand and gallantly shivered Ui-tho middio c-f the groyu^. 4 while thev played rather' inconsequential music. Some idea «f-thc standard of football played fn this match may be gained- from the fact that, .a week tefofc they went to Twickenham to meet Cam- 1 bridge, Oxford defeated a team composed entirely of Interna- , lions who had rfccciilly returned | from their triumphant tour of Australia and 'Sew Zealand. An event of almost equal im portance. which received, how ever, rather less publicity, took place the day before the Rugby at Twickenham. This was the annual football match between the Australians at Cambridge and. those at Oxford, Although an inferior game, Australian Rules is thought to be the most fitting code to play on these oc casions. The few English spectators were completely as tounded by the sight,' as wer J seme of the players, and Ox ford were victorious by some complicated margin of goals and behinds. This game was clayed in a snow-storm, on a field covered with snow to a depth of about two inches. This was pleasant at first, as those who knew: little about the game could ! amuse themselves by throwing snowballs at their opponents at strategic moments when they were in doubt about the correct action to take. After a time, however, the trampling of boots turned the field into'a mess of ice and slush, which was not nearly so pleasant. As we drove down to London the next day, when the white magic of the falling Snow had given way to its. sordid after math of mud and dangerously slippery roads, we. .passed sev eral gypsy caravans drawn un i.-) lanes, with their ' ragged, dirty. colourful . , jnhaditants huddling miserably around their cooking pbl£r fn the open. These mysterious people, whose origin is still in doubt, have fallen on Hard times in 1 oresent-day Britain. For cen- 1 turics they have been a lawless, shiftless, nomadic- section of unsocial society, providing materials for tales, romances and childish nightmares. Even in the last few months we have, had a case of a';) unwanted child being given to the gypsies. THEIR WAY OF LIFE Though heartily distrusted, they flourished on minor em ployment and minor crime, go ing their own way. Now, new by-laws are being made to pre vent them from wintering on common lands: Ministry cf Health regulations can compel them lo move even from the private nroperty c-f kindlydis posed landowners, and they break the law if they stay more than 24 hours in one, place. So they are harried front camping ground to camping ground, with the village policeman looming as a symbol of oppression, and their children figuring ever more prominently in the lists cf juvenile delinquents. Some we have heard of were lucky enough to be settled be fore the recent tightening of regulations: one whose parents were roadside tinkers only ten years ago, is now the holder of a scholarship to the university here. In their present sorry state, the 'romanv travellers' have appealed to Convocation help them, and the Bishops of Gloucester and Hereford have discussed their plight with the Home Oftide and the Minis try of Health, who have prom ised to 'consider the matter further.' It may be as 'great a surprise to you as it was to mc, to learn recently that the shark- fishing industry is not confined to tropica! waters. It seems that the North Sea is teeming with sharks, and a small fleet of Danish boats catches hundreds of them each time they no out. Old East Anglian fishermen who have been catching herring off the English coast for fifty years or more could hardly be lieve their eyes when they saw the catch on board a Danish boat that put into Lowestoft for repairs. The sharks are of a small species called porbeagles, and arc from twelve to twenty stone in weight. They are sold in Denmark for about a shil ling a pound, lor export to Italy. So far fish merchants in this country have shown only horror and indignation at any suggestion that they should buy this fish, but it prices con tinue to rise, wc may yet see shark displacing cod as the cheap slock fish on the English market. The festival of Britain is nearly upon us. The new build ings on the South Bank of the Thames are all bur complete, the displays are already planned and under construc tion, and the owners of both swings and roundabouts are sure that great profits are to be made. These latter have had their optimism slightly damped by the decision of the House of Commons not to allow amuse ment park to open on Sundays. This, say the fun-merchants, will cut their profits by a half, but permanent residents of the area around the park have heaved sighs of relief, as they will have one day in seven cf relaxation from the noise that is going to dominate tho neigh bourhood. The Festival prom ises well already, and several of the major London' Hotels are already booked out for the whole summer. Some of the people who are not absolutely delighted at the prospect of eve i larger crowds of overseas visitors arriving, arc the staffs of such places as Australia House, who already have to make themselves unpopular by their allocation of a severely restricted number of tickets to popular events. SHORTAGE OF TICKETS | One of the main sources of trouble U' connected with the , Royal Garden parties, for only three hundred tickets are avail able annually to Australians. Over a thousand Usually apply, and great are the heartburning and bitterness of the many who cannot go. Now in the depths of winter, it is pleasant to think' back on the autumn— «n autumn which began by retpayjns us for a sum mer of wetness and uncertainty with a magnificent. long Indian summer of calm iblue and gold days, with no winds or, frosts to blow or shear the ruining leaves from off the trees. This lovely time m-ade us think once again of sightseeing, though the most I comfortable time for this was 1 j:a-*i. j One Sunday we set off to drive the thirty odd miles to Wftipsnede — 0 trip we had] wanted to make for some time. ; That was the day that the list 1 trace of summer went, and the warmth and colour all turned abruptly to misty, chilly grey ness. Even this has its own beauty, however, as the scene, instead of a painting,, becomes ; an etching with an infinite var- , I \ety of shades of greys and ; I dark browns. ' The roar of a lion came : through the mist, James Stewart disentangled his wife's handbag from the tumrlilcs. smiled his celebrated photogenic, apolo getic smile ior delaying our entry, and stopped ai'ide to let us enter Whipsnade Park. So , began « pleasant hour or two' looking over the only zoo 1 1 have yet seen lo com-pare with Sydney's Taronga Park. The zoo. as we sa w when wc stopped staring at film stars, has a splendid position high 011 the do-wnlandt' to the oast of I Oxford. -Most of the animals ' have huge paddocks to roam in: the grass is green, springy and lush, and the only dispirited creatures to be seen were the ambitious hum2ns who had walked around the enormous park instead of riding in their own cart' or in a sort of motor train thoughtfully provided Iby the management. The deer and biids look par ticularly healthy, but the most favoured animals are the wal labies, which are free to roam where they like. With becom ing: modesty they appear to prefer to. stay in a small thicket near the tiger's cage, ? from j which they get a fine view of the surrounding country. I They seem to thrive in the ! cold climate, as do the Aus : trnlian cockatoos, always su;* rouiided by an admiring crowd. The dingoes, on the other hand, seemed rather miserable; most of them had been bom in Whip snade, and' these ore rather undersized by ou;* standards. Oxford itself is more crowded than ever this year; there are a/bout seven thousand five hun dred students here — a flight de crease — iiut the industrial side ol the city ? is 'rowing apace, and the narrow streets have an 1 even heavier burden of lorries and trucks to bear. One of the main streets -has already been paved with rubber in an effort lo lessen vibration which might afl'ect the ancicnl buildings4, but those who live close to the centre of the town say that the walls wobble find ihe rafters croak at the rumble of the traffic. So far 110 building has in fact fallen down: the towers still stand 'proud and serene against the sky,' though the sight of the students who throng the Greets and coffee shops must occas ionally trouble their serenity. The average age ot the mem hei*s of the University is de- | creasing, and the ability to ibe outstanding by virtue of a. par ticularly .luxuriant beard, or , sweeping side-levers iy conse quently diminishing. 1 FANTASTIC DRESS I Faced with the sad prospect of relapsing into normality, many students huve decided that their personal distinction must be in dress, which is ac cordingly becoming more and more J«ijla;'iic. Green trousers and fancy yellow waistcoats arc already well established, and there is a strong move lo popu larise a scarlet sash or cummer bund as a regular feature of the young man's ensemble. It seems ihat jh thet'e letters I have said very little about Oxford itsell — another example of familiarity brecdin.'j indiffer ence, though not contempt, for if I had been a casual visitor here, I should have described it in some detail. There arc. of course, two Oxlordis — one the University city which is largely tucked away in quiet back streets, and the other the vigor ous, growing' '1 industrial city which has already swamped its predecessor and imposed im personality on the centre of the town. Much of the change in the old Oxford is the result of an accident of birth — the birth of the present Lord Nuffield in the city. His works at Cowley and Ibf)-- many subsidiaries have gveatly changed the char acter ol the whole town. It is rather interesting to know that soon after lhe Norman Con quest. yii ancestor ol JjOra j\ui field's— William Morris — 'was a serf, cultivating land belonging to the Norman governor, illob ert D'Oily. Now Nuffield is a great benefactor of Ox-ford, and D*Oily*s descendants, now called Dceley. are local farmers. The Oxford Preservation Trust does all it can to preserve the traditional appearance of the town. Whenever land in the neighbourhood is to be disposed of. and it ran be seen from the (own, or (ho town can be seen from it, the Trust rushes to the spot and purchases * it, or per suades the owner to give it to them. So. litlJc by liltle, they are building up a green belt of parkland around the old town. Under the pressure of the grow ing population 01 Cowley, how ever. local councils are being compelled to erect more and more housing estates of tiny, unattractive. prefabricated houses — 'temporary' dwelling which will still be with us in forty years' time. In the University town, there is a determined effort to keep things as they have been for the las\ five hundred years or so. There was such an outcry at the comparatively modernistic lines ol the New Bodleian Lib rary. that there has been no j attempt lo follow its lead, and | the desicn of Nuffield College, ; which is .now nearing coirwple- 1 tion. has reverted to the strict ly traditional. One college disapproves stronglv of motor traffic; as they own a street not fifty yavdj' from the busiest one in Oxford, they have managed to impress^ this disapproval very forcibly by keeping it roughly cobbled and in bad repair, so that onlv those who know no better, or have the oldest of cars, venture along it. Another cffoi-t to keep up the ancient appearance of the place was made by the digni fied head of a college, who was seen one vacation vigorously painting a now building with soot and water, until it matched in dinginess the reJ*l of the college. | 