! ACIVVY... ® ..STREET This column Is written weekly by the Publicity Officer of the Wagga Sub-Branch of the R.S.L (Mr W. R. Ellis) and any query an ex-serviceman m»y [have should be addressed to him at .157 Baylis Street Wagga. District Conference 0N Sunday, May 21, delegates from all sub-branches In the South Western District assem bled at Cootamundra to discuss problems effecting ex-servicemen in general and the League In particular. The Wagga sub-branch was represented by the vicepresi dent (Mr. John McPherson) and Mr. A. L. Baker. The conference assembled at the Cootamundra Town Hall and delegates were welcomed by the Mayor of Cootamundra and the State President of the R.S.L. (Mr. W. Yeo). At II a.m. the conference ad journed and delegates marched to the Cenotaph, where a wreath was laid in memory of fallen comrades. The items on the agenda as submitted by district sub branches were varied and gen erally the conference feels that it achieved much good, and is certain that the recommenda tions carried will be of benefit. 3/6d. Levy QNE item on the agenda paper was a recommendation from Wagga sub-branch that a com plete explanation of the 3/6d. levy, imposed on members V State headquarters be explained. The State President, in an ex planation to the conference, said that prior to 1950, the Anzac Trust had made an annual grant to the R.S.L. or £8000. Now, owing to the fact that the erection of 'Anzac House' In Sydney would cost more than was originally anticipated, and as a result of the devaluation of the pound sterling, the finances of the Trust had to be curtailed. Consequently this year the grant would not be made to State headquarters. Therefore, It was agreed that the subscription of members for 1950 be raised from 10/ to 13/6 to cover the cost of administra tion at State headquarters. It was further stated that there is a permanent staff at headquarters of 62. These employees, each in his own way, are specialists In each section of the complicated departments of rehabilitation, land settlement, repatriation and the like. It is possible, the State Presi dent Informed the conference, that the subscription fee for the year 1951 will be raised to 15/, but as yet no definite decision has been made In this direction. Remembrance Day RESOLUTION submitted to the conference by Tumba rumba sub-branch, and duly passed, was that the State Ex ecutive be urged to ask the Fed eral Government to commemor ate Remembrance Day on No vember 11 each year, Irrespec tive of what day of the week it might be. Schools rJ,HE conferenoe carried the following resolution, which was submitted by Cowra sub branch. 'That in view of the increased school population due to natural Increase and the pres ent immigration policy, repres entations be made to the Com monwealth Government to make Increased funds available to the States for financing of school building programmes and for increased training facilities for teaching staff.' Membership Eligibility gTATE Council has directed that in future, persons de siring to enrol for membership ol the R.S.L. who are naturalised British subjects of foreign origin and who served with any of the armed forces of the Allies, must, In the first instance, submit their credentials to the R.S.L. State Headquarters for examination by ia special Credentials' Commit jtee. It Is emphasised that it Is obligatory upon all candidate for R3,L. membership to urn duce their full credentials. Memorial Bursary INLYING Officers Palmer an Dawson of the RjUjp, during the 1939-45 war, fij£ 'Mosquito* 'aircraft In Squai ron 464. In March, 1945, Denmark m in the hands of the aerajsu The Danish resistance bk-w ment advised the British tha the German Gestapo record concerning the Danish »®li were kept In certain iim buildings in the towns of Copen hagen, Aarhus and Odense am It was very Important that 'thai buildings, with their recorfo should be destroyed. To destroy the building! h bombing without also destrejini the surrounding buildings «. cupled by the Danish people to a very difficult task and aeui that the aircraft crew would have to fly in daylight almost at root top level, making themselves it easy target for the enemy attl. aircraft defences. At 8.30 a.m. on March 21 1845, the 'Mosquito' pJanti' piloted by Flying Officers Pal®, er and Dawson, with i numbs of other machines, took off fron an advanced base to make Hi Copenhagen attack. Nothing in. ther was ever heard of either Flying Officers Palmer or Dai. son, or the two R.AJ. alrciw who were with them. Pour other R.A.F. aircrew also lost their lives in the operation, The attack was highly suocts. rul, and most, If not all, oj the Gestapo records were destnjei At the conclusion ot the wr, the Danish people wished to slg.' nlfy their gratitude to the RAI and RAAF for their work during the war on behalf of Denmark. They contributed a sum «i money in special memory ol lie eight members who lost their lives In the difficult and danger ou attacks made on the Gei- tapo headquarters at Copea- hagen, Aarhus and Odense. A proportion of this tncwj has been placed with the trustee! of the Services Canteens Trial Fund, who have established u education bursary to commem orate the memory of the lii Flying Officers Palmer til Dawson. The first bursary was tffaiW thin year, and has bees tmlij to Master Peter Heath, o! Eol wood, N.S.W. Peter is tlie son of the life 'squadron Leader P. R, Heath, who was killed in action -9 November 19, 1940, at Uert Matruh, North Africa. War Comparisons A OCORDING to rewrfi a I possession of R.8.L. head [quarters in Sydney, the Rut World War was six timet u I dangerous as World War & The details have bees compM from records as relating to the Australian Forces: World War I— Total e»l+ menu, 331,781; total kUlel 59,342; percentage killed, 111 per cent. World War n— Total enlist ments, 993,000; total kDM, 30,689; percentage killed, S per cent. Life Membership A 1 T the May monthly meettoi of the sub-branch, a reso lution was passed to mite ap plication for life membenhlpt# be oonferred on Mr. W. J, Mor row. In advising Mr. Mono* ol the decision, the president Off. A. C. Edghlll) said that It tf hoped that the life member® would suitably tender to Mi Morrow the sincere thanlu ol Un sub-branch for his untliin efforts and years of active up port to the League, bote ' president for a number ol term and as a committeeman for i long uninterrupted period. 