MANY MICRANTS DUIE THIS YEAR CANBERRA, Jan. 24- Two hundred thousand persons, mostly of British origin, will migrate to Aus tralia during 1950, the Minister for Immigration (Mr. Holt) told the Australian Citizenship Convention to-day. He appealed to all Australians to work and strive for a population -of 10,500,000 by 1960. * ,Outin q' the . Go~irez nt'rs plansfor 0 Inmmlgra lion during the preo nt ear, Mr. Holt said great Ilnportance was attached to ensuring that Brltish migra ilon' wai pklaced Brst and foremosl. Tbi?s would pntabe Australia to niarntain her present bal ance of population as S Brit. ab. communlto. '"Proper Balance" qn.en?er to mantalin that ' Sporioae we mustkep a prope L-c " io-,l • ?.a?..thp -Brltish-ement preaotlnate4' he reM . O~he pol Apby Mr. Italt were ati 1850, a total of. 20.000 ltaiis W0~ld be btought:. opt u?nder tlie a s ?ated paseage scheme; ,.oo0 doitese a wq~ld be ?c:ared ..or by the CommDnweslth, asd 8s3oo by thie ~Biatas; 'o0)0 r0a0s .o.lI4 cp?n. here as full paylpu passonlara 0. 000 displaced persons . waoIld be brought in bIefore Deqessuber as welas 10 00 Dutct incldng 1500 ax-servlcesqpe lrom In doneia. The .itsalaisoe ,ooo .iwould ,be :egar?cemea~ tone [renltd, ait, sad other Asstc ourrnt~et a j r .s. olnsi C s:ortdser to -slltah: pslgranta5 'ov~ -ent would earnekk .certain t Ote .imdspnaeth ereona' :cm tot Afritonet *9slesthere they they ,might be absorbed into high prtorty; jobs. Mr. Holt said a programme ao works hostels for Brit 1Ish migrants would be baunched, especally.. In country areas where they could be absorbed into primary had. rural ia. dustrie. and whlah would adslat In decentrallsa tlion plan. B: said the present nomins LIon system would continue wlth the Commonwealth scheme supplementary to that of the States. "Attack Unwarranted" Mdr. Holt said an attack on AtLstraIll by the Danish jourtnklst, Paul Nellsen, 'who had -ictuined to Denmark Imm Australi witith his family, was unwarranted. Nellsen' s lgations that Ausetraala's "native . popla Uon",gy it atttude towsds new .ettlesr Was SabotagIng ml,?rlon phas were musud aloa, he lad. Newcomers to Australia had assisted In the commencement or completion of many notable puble and private works. More than 600 were in various pruary workb in New Bouth Wales, and it WoUild have been Impossble to resap the lsstsuar r. t Queensland without ,heilp of -European migrants. Mr.Holt ,9ld tears that iant, labour would. mean uo bp~~ lon with Auatrallan wokman bead been wispelled bisstith nore people en \-- the country, more goods and ervcoes werp required. l8ii be luoperdiwug ~the fuuhrescauri of lthi anapetlee 1bi~t in the eimpal-i m;eita!zi' m~i~tauts 4hc~'~h*maR ~* the. Comn weiafl ~ '~mmtgl~m~3 op Plnalnq Coni (ML . ~tofey) e ald to~day staqepy-;: 3t' thbe .l of lt1,' t't t'e coal inlnl in. -idatry would Ib able to pr"o 8ie ebot h si at to atllsy :thea ?satiMdas 1 . *.in ithe foo8dbdtiatry also it wsa neeastary dtu up pro duction, Ulisa Austrai?ta could Inoar5iOi fobd *ionuction and tst oodeseports,there would be tt~,cmhanoe of baen able to import·· goods 'pcaqr ·l -ilnaln "the . S?;b. u sta?iard ~o rn. lvn ' : TousBlns, too, .must in er?esed to -bout 9000'0-to 95,000 a year to- fulfil t?le.our rent demand. 'Zf AilstIfall were 'to ooreas her popule tion by s5O0O0 a -r ar'durlng tha?nexrt?0 year we -mutItblll evahi four. years at the rate of 20tim s the present ales of lobart. or double the present ale- of Melboumre,' he said. Bafesrn to defense, Mr. Store said Australians' aIl ity to prodoae the materias .r modem warfare was o. s?ma? paty. an ompletely nninadOGte, It had (ecomne "We have the technical fa.d litles, but we cannot produce quantities even to start to talk of the defence needs of the ??i?ntry," he said. ".The solution L emore people. It we devote all resources in man-powdr to manufaceturing these things to-day our efforts t-o produce the goods 'we need i to defend Vnrelvesa .would still be wholl? lnadequate." 