A life of insanity was a regrettable error FACT'S New York Bureau Twenty years ago, John Crabb was a hot- tempered little dish-washer in a Topeka, Kan sas, restaurant when a fellow worker made passes at the waitress who was Crabb's girl. Crabb threatened such bloodcurdling, things if the other fellow didn't lay off that they whisked him off to gaol. He fell into a sulk, re fused to eat, next thing found himself in the State Mental Hospital. "Insane," the experts labelled him. Crabb was a Danish im migrant, his English was shaky and the more he tried to explain it all, the madder they thought he was. Preyed sane In the end, he was so peeved he refused to work or co-operate with the authorities in any way. Then they listed him "incurable." This weekend, a trans atlantic liner is taking the determined little 59-year-old man, listed as Johanne Krabbe, back to the small Danish farm he left for life and fortune in America as a young man. After years of trying, relatives in Denmark had finally moved the authorities to review John Crabb's case and a few days ago he was discharged from the asylum a free man. "It was a regrettable mis take," said the authorities. "He was a victim of circum stance. Obviously he has never been out of his mind at all." Crabb let it go at that. "Everyone regrets it, but it's over now," he laughed. But Crabb's ordeal wasn't entirely wasted. It brought to light the state of affairs in Topeka Mental Hospital, which resulted in other sane men being freed. Talking freely to the Press, newly - appointed mental hospital medical officer Dr. Paul Tousseing said the records showed the place had been a "snake pit." When Crabb was ad mitted, the hospital had five doctors for 1800 patients. He was afraid The patients who gave trouble were put in restraint or submitted to "rocking chair therapy." More than 70 patients in the rocking- room just rocked all day and sometimes half the night. Explained the doctor: "Crabb was at first diag nosed as a violent schizo phrenic. Sure he was vio lent. He was afraid of the other patients. "He would try to defend himself, then they would put him in the violent ward and he would have one more battle after the other. No body ever tried to find out what was really the matter with him." In Kansas, the doctor said, "All you need is one person to sign a complaint and two doctors, who don't have see the patient, to sign the papers. A man can be com mitted like that for life." 