®lfc $attl|iini ilueriiser FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1950 AUSTRALIA'S POPULATION It was in the 'tween wars' period that the world famous economist J. M. Keynes wrote: "The time has already come when each country needs a considered nattonal policy about what size of population, whether larger or smaller than at present, or the same, is most expedient. And having settled this policy we must take steps to carry it into operation." So far as Australia is concerned there is no doubt that a much larger population than the present is expedient, and that being the case the size of the population we should aim at becomes a matter of academic rather than practical interest. At the same time it is important that we should give grave con sideration to the world situation. The war has served to draw at tention to something that thoughtful and far-sighted men clearly realised a century and a half ago. It was in 1798 that Malthus wrote his striking essay "the Principle of population as it affects the future improvement of Society." The work was sub jected tp much ill-considered condemnation on the ground — falsely assumed — that it con troverted religious teachings. The basis of his argument, and he was copying other writers rather than advancing something origin al, was that the natural tendency was for the growth of population greatly to exceed the incppasenp food requirements. In the years that have intervened improved methods of agriculture combined with the wider practice of birth control have minimised the short age that would otherwise have arisen, but now most competent authorities are agreed that there is a world-wide shortage of food and that in many countries the l continued rapid increase of popu lation is outpacing production to I such an extent that wholesale 'starvation is imminent. A disturbing feature of the situation is that in those coun tries that are not greatly over peopled the natural increase of population is small, whilst in others where there are already j too many people, the natural growth is far in excess of what | is required to maintain present numbers. Thus in Britain, most I of the western European coun- I tries, the United States, Austra lia and New Zealand, the natural increase is below the one per cent required to prevent a fall in population, whilst in Russia, Japan, India and certain Asiatic countries it is considerably in ex cess of that figure. This suggests .two things: first the need' for prompt and vigorous action in order to get as many people as possible from Britain and other similarly situated countries and, secondly, that in a continuing immigration policy we may be forced to select from those coun- , tries in which excess of. popula tion makes migrants aVailable. j At the moment- Britain is the j most promising1 field because she is overpopulated. It should not be overlooked that her natural increase is insufficient to keep up the present population and con sequently in the near, future she may have no surplus. It all points to the desirableness of planning some method of wise selection in those countries already over peopled and having a natural in crease that is bounfl to steadily intensify an already grave prob lem. The new Commonwealth Gov ernment is wisely adopting the main features of Labour's immi gration policy. To get as many j Britishers as possible will still be I the aim, but the men, women, and particularly the children, from southern European countries give every promise of making fine citizens. The commendation given to our Northam migrants' camp by Sir Arthur Rucker, the deputy-director of the Inter national Refugee Organization makes cheerful reading and is in happy accord with local opinion. One warning may well be utter ed: Is it wise to harp too much on the "the Australian way of life?" May it not suggest an idea of superiority that is neither justi fied nor desirable? A Danish journalist after some experience' of Australia deprecated the "master race mentality" display ed by some Australians towards migrants. He added this com ment: "The fact is that the Aus tralian authorities want qualified Europeans to settle here but the Australians themselves don't want to let the migrants make out of their qualifications what they are worth." It may be hoped that this criticism has but a limited application, but it is im portant that there should be no misconception as to what is "the Australian way of life." The pioneers established a way, of life that' has made Australia great, 'but there is a section that would preach something very different. The idea that no man can get a job -without belonging to a Trade Union may have something to- commend it, but if it is followed by an understanding that mem bership of a union will be denied if in the opinion of present mem bers it will increase competition in their positions, and that mem bership implies restrictions on the number of bricks per day a man may lay, it is not in accord with the highest conceptions of the Australian way of life. There are features of the Scandinavian outlook on sport and enjoyment that we may well endeavour to understand, whilst Impressing upon new arrivals from those countries the best features of our own. No other country stands higher in world opiifjon today than Australia and rigfy-ly adapt ed the now new Australians will fully maintain that position. 