Discrimination; Against Foreigners From the "Sydney Morning Herald" The Victorian Branch off the Painter's Union has re- j turned a raucous "Sez you" j to the many appeals made this week for the friendly ab sorption of migrants into the Australian community. On Monday Mr. Chiefly joined with Mr. Menzies in a call to the people of this country to help all newcomers to beco me full citizens of a free de mocracy. On Wednesday the Victorian painters banned the admission of "New Aus tralians" into the industry. 4 In doing so they made it clear that "migrants of Bri tish origin" would not be affected. Some hard and courageous thinking will have to be done by the unions as a whole it we, as a nation, are not to be exposed to a charge of arrant hypocrisy. By a scheme which was largely developed by a Labour Mini ster for Immigration, but en dorsed by all parties, Displa ced Persons have been pour ing into Australia. From the moment they land they are exhorted to become wonder ful Australians like oursel ves. Yet hardly a month pas ses without some union or o- ther putting up bars against the fulfilment of our promi ses to foreign migrants, and the realisation of their hopes. The opposition comes al most exclusively from Com munist - controlled unions, and moderate leaders have emphasised that their moti ve is political rather than in dustrial. Many of the New Australians have already had more than a taste of Com munism in the countries from which they fled. I t would not suit our "Comda- des" to have them in their unions. The extremists also try to sow discord by discriminat ing between, British tnd non- British, but once the latter have passed out of their "tied" period of two years they must, as far as possible, be given equal opportunities to earn a living in the call ings to which they are at tracted. The whole commu nity should set its face a- gainst the too-common atti tude: "No work for D.P.'s e· x.cept the dirty work". The master-race mentality — which 1 a dissapointed Danish mi grant this week attributed to Australians — 'Will not ma ke us a great nation. 