200,000 New Australians This Year fJANBERRA, Tuesday.— Two hundred thousand persons, mostly of British origin, will migrate to Australia during 1950, the Minister for Immigra tion (Mr. Holt) told the Australian C i t i zenship Convention to-day. He appealed to all Aus tralians to work and strive for a population of 10,500,000 by 1960. Outlining ' the Government's plans for immigration during the present year, Mr. Holt said great importance was attached to en suring British migration was placed first and foremost. This would enable Australia to maintain her present balance of population as a British commun ity. "In order to maintain that proportion we must keep a proper balance of migration and sec the British clement predominates," Mr. Holt said. Another point made by Mr. Holt was that in 1950 70,000 Britons would be brought out under the assisted passages scheme; 37.000 of these would be cared for by the Commonwealth and 33,000 by the States. MANY SOURCES Thirty thousand Britons would come as full paying passengers; 50,000 displaced persons would be brought in before December, as well as 10,000 Dutch, including 1500 ex-servicemen from Indo nesia. The balance of 40,000 would be ex-servicemen from Ireland, Malta, and other countries. Mr. Holt said that in order to handle the large number of Brit ish migrants the Government would earmark certain of the dis placed persons' camps for Brit ons. From there they would be passed to industry or to Com monwealth hostels so they might be absorbed into high priority Jobs. Mr. Holt said a program of works hostels for British migrants would be launched, especially in country areas where they could be absorbed into industries and which would assist decentralisation plans. Mr. Holt said an attack on Aus tralia by Danish journalist, Pul Neilson, who had returned to Denmark from Australia with his. family, was unwarranted. "SCANDALOUS" Neilson's allegations that Aus tralia's "native population," by its attitude towards new settlers, was sabotaging migration plans were scandalous, he said. Newcomers to Australia assisted In commencement and completion of many notable public and pri vate works. More than 600 were in various primary works in New South Wales and It would have been im possible to reap the last sugar crop In Queensland without the help of European migrants. Mr. Holt said fears that migrant labor would mean com petition with Australian workmen had been dispelled because with more people entering the coun try more goods and services were required. 