A PAGE OF JEWISH HUMOUR I a Jew dreamed that he went 1 to Heaven, and learned that a I thousand years was like a mo Lent to the Almighty. 1 'And how much is a farthing . . I to the Great One?' lie queried. J The answer came back: 'A \ thousand pounds.' | The Jew asked: 'Could I have ] a iarinixiB r | The reply was 'Wait a mo ment!' 5 * ♦ I A child of a newly- arrived I oleh came intp a school-room. | The teacher said: | 'Danny, you have come here i without your books and your ] pencil is not sharpened. Do you ] know what becomes of a chayal i (soldier) who goes out to battle 1 without arms?' | The reply was: A General, ] o lease teacher.' 1 ' * * | A surgeon, an engineer and I a politician were discussing the t first' chapter of Genesis to de I cide the old theme of which S profession was the first in J human affairs. I 'It must have been medicine,' | claimed the surgeon. 'After all ] the first surgical operation was J performed by the Almighty when he took Adam's rib to ] make a woman.' ] 'Nonsense!' scoffed the en ' gineer. 'Obviously the original : profession was engineering, 'j Who else but an engineer could ; have made order out of chaos?' I 'Ah, yes,' said the politician. j 'But who was responsible for : the chaos?' * * A young actor at an Israel theatre — it is said^-cast for a i small part in a new play; ap | proached the author at the.flrst I rehearsal and asked: I 'Do you think my part will J please the audience?' I 'I am sure of it,' the author I replied. 'You die in the first | scene.' | * * ' I Here is a 'left-over' from | the recent Arab-Israeli war. | During the period of sniping ; from the Hassan Bey Mosque, 1 on the Jaffa sea-front; at the Yarkon Road corner of Allenby Street, a Tel Aviv resident saw a dejected-looking friend of his standing by a wall. 'What's wrong, Chaim?' he asked. 'Everything,' said the other. 'My wife's left me; my son's been arrested for stealing; my daughter's eloped; my book keeper's absconded; and. I'm going bankrupt.' . 'Whew!' whistled the first one. 'Wfiat are you going to do?' . ' 'Do?' echoed Chaim bitterly. 'I'm going to throw m,yself into the sea.' 'Then what are you waiting for? It's only 50 yards away.' 'Don't be. so clever! How can I cross the square when the Arabs are sniping? I might get killed!' ♦ ♦ The precociousness of the average Sabra is well known. In an essay written by an Israel youngster, the following appeared: 'I acquired both my parents at such adult ages that it was impossible for me to change their habits^' / Harry Weiss, who had his name changed to Houdini when became famous as a magician, performed before world not ables as an escape artist and won many prizes. He could get out of any gaol, or handcuffs, or straitjacket that he ever tried — that is, all except one. That . one place was a little gaol in Jerusalem. ' Houdini worked at the cell lock more than two hours. He worked with that terriffic speed that usually unlocked, doors in thirty seconds. But he couldn't get the lock to spring. \ Finally, tired out by his strenuous ef forts, he fell against the door. It swung open — it had not been locked! * ' * 'How is it,' asked the out of-town Jew, 'that you people in Plodzk pay your Rabbi such a small salary. Why, on his wage, If don't see how he can manage to live!' 'Yes,' admitted the Plodzk Jew, 'it is true. But it happens that our Rabbi is very pious and he fasts on Mondays, and Thursdays. If it weren't for all „ this fasting, he would starve to death on his salary.' * ♦ \- A new oleh in Tel Aviv went into a large building and wan dered about. When asked by someone to indicate what he was looking for, he replied: 'A veterinary surgeon.' 'Why, what's the matter?' 'I don't feel very well.' t 'In that case you need an ordihary doctor, not a vet.' . 'Don't you see,' said the Jew sadly. 'My wife calls me a ,be heimah. My son says I am a chamor. I eat vegetables only now like a coo and I work like a ferd. Now do you know why I need a vet?' * .* The critical water shortage in Jerusalem has produced quite a few jokes. Here's the latest: An elderly couple, re cently arrived in Israel from Eastern Europe, were assigned to an apartment which was 'much to their liking, but the wife became distressed and complained bitterly when she found that water flowed from the tap only on one day a week. The husband put his arms around her. 'Never mind, dear,' he said soothingly, ' the rest of the week the tap is probably reserved for milk and honey!' There was a heated argument ?in the Knesset recently when Eli Elisher, a Deputy, was mak ing a speech. He was con stantly interrupted by another Deputy, Johan Kossori. Mr. Elisher lost his temper and said: 'I am paid for speak ing here and you are paid for listening.' Whereupon the Speaker, Mr. Sprinzak, said: 'And I dm paid for. cutting your speeches short.' They say that Dr. Joseph, the Minister in Charge of the au sterity programme in Israel, and Eliezer Kaplan, the Minis ter of Finance, who also has charge of the income tax busi ness; were taking an airplane ride over Tel Aviv. 'Just think,' said Kaplan to Joseph, 'how happy the people would be if you dropped down ration cards from this air plane.' 'Just think,' replied Dr. Jo seph to Kaplan, 'how happy the people would be, if you dropped down Israel pounds from this plane.' 'Just think,' interjected the pilot, 'how happy the people would be, if I tossed both of you down from this plane.' * * Not that we claim that the following story is strictly true: we merely like it. An Israeli was pacing the corridors of a hospital, 'waiting for his child — as he thought — to be born. In due course a nurse emerged carrying trip lets. 'Choose the one you want to keep,' she said to the horrified father. 'Good heavens!' he ..cried, 'what can you mean?' 'One for you, and the other two for export.' » ?* 4s is customary everywhere else, the people in Israel like to have a dig at the civil ser vants and the officials of Hakirya, the administrative offices. , The following is the latest story given in the form of a dialogue:. 'How many .people work in Hakirya?' 'About half.' * * The- Jewish soldier was re turning to camp. He was wor ried. He would be halted by the sentry and he had forgotten the password. And this was the one night he actually wanted to be in camp, for the Jewish chaplain had arranged a seder for the Jewish soldiers. But try as hard as he could, he could not recall the pass word. In the middle of his cogita tions, he heard the sentry cry . ing out: 'Halt and give the password.' ? The Jewish soldier couldn't remember. Well, he would say anything. 'Matzoh,' he called out. 'Passover,' said the sentry. » ♦ , - / A young child of an Israel Government official (who was due to fly to the U.S.A. on a mission) was asked; 'Would you like to go to America?' The reply was: 'No. I don't care to arrive, there as an oleh chadasha (new immigrant) and have to speak . Yiddish.' * # ' Ben Gurion was sitting one day in a restaurant, eating the regular austerity meal: a bit of carp, some bread and tea. Nearby sat a working- ' man who was having steak, ice cream, caviar and Danish pastry. Ben Gurion looked on, and finally got up and walked over to the working m&n.; 'Listen,' said Ben Gurion, 'I know; you. You are, not a rich man. How can you afford to pay the price for such a meal?' 'Well, you see,' said the working man, 'I am eating this way because the government . made a mistake this week. They took out my salary and left ms the income tax deduction.' ' A neat story is going the rounds just now of a certain professor at the Hebrew Uni versity. He is an expert on Chassidism arid has a profound and deep knowledge of the Kabalah. One evening recently he went for a stroll. In deep contempla- , tive mood, he soon found he had lost his way. Seeing a young lad coming towards him in the half -moonlight, the pro fessor asked in Hebrew: 'Do you know where the house of Professor X is located?' The boy looked keenly at the inquirer and said: 'Don't you really recognise me, Daddy?' * * Yet another dig at the Haki rya officials is contained in the following story that comes from Israel: A civil servant came home late. He returned at six in the after noon instead iOf the customary five o'clock. His wife asked him why he was late, and he said: 'Could I help it if I over slept?' 