[?] MflUP MIPRANTQ FROM RRITAIN'' Canberra, Jan. 24.— The Commonwealth Government planned to bring S00,000 migrants to Australia this year and to maintain that rate so that Australia's population would exceed 10,000,000 by 1960, the Minister for Immigration, Mr. Holt, said to-day. Mr. Holt, who was addressing the Australian Citizenship Con vention, said that the Government's policy on migration was to increase the annual intake of migrants and to maintain this in crease over a long term and to ensure that British migration was foremost. Against the 160,000 to 170,000 migrants brought to Aus tralia in 1949, the Government hoped in 1950 to bring 100,000 British migrants, 50,000 European displaced persons, 40,000 migrants from Eire and Malta, and 10,000 migrants from the Netherlands. 'The Commonwealth programme is one that will have to last 10 years and then continue for an in definite period, probably for our lifetime,' said Mr. Holt. He 'pro- mised that certain centres would be earmarked for British migrants, where they could stay until accom modation was found for them by employers, or in Governmentope rated hostels near essential indus-J tries. «- The Government would honour the Chifley Government's promise to take 110,000 displaced persons by June 30, 1950, and, in addition, would take 27,000 displaced per sons by the end of the year. The flow of displaced persons would i taper off, because the Interna tional Refugee Organisation would wind up on March 31, 1951. Dutch Settlers Mr. Holt announced provision for an increased intake of Dutch migrants, who, he . said, would make admirable settlers, particu larly in the rural areas Negotia-j tions had begun for the migration ! of young Dutch servicemen from j Indonesia, although it did not ap pear that more than a very few thousand would be available from there. 'The programme we have set ourselves will involve great strains and the Government will have to take special measures, such as .the j provision of hostels and additional shipping,' said Mr. Holt. 'There will be other tasks of great magni tude. We must make the migrant feel at home and help him to be come assimilated by the friend ship we hold out for him.' In this the Government could not help to* any great degree, he said, but committees in each shire . and ?municipality, which enlisted the services of public-spirited citizens, would be able to deal with many of the problems of the new Aus tralians by providing neighbourly community help. Replying to a complaint bv a Danish . journalist, that there was no welcome in Australia for the European migrant, Mr. Holt said that no country, in proportion to its population, had done more than Australia to give sanctuary to victims of Nazi aggression. With singularly few excep tions, the displaced persons had found happiness in Australia. Al though we heard at times of dis satisfied British migrants return ing, the records showed that only 2.5 per cent, of them had return ed, and by no means. all of those had returned' because of dissatis faction. This proportion included those who had returned for family reasons or 'because of homesick ness. .Housing Migrants To provide for a population in crease of 25,'000 a year, Australia had to provide homes and services, duplicating the city of Melbourne every four years, the chairman of the Commonwealth Immigration Planning Council, Mr. John Storey, told the convention. Mr. Storey, who was a wartime Director of Aircraft Production, was addressing * the Australian Citizenship Convention in Can berra. He urged increased produc tion by multiple shifts working in Australian factories, and by hous ing up to 40,000 migrants in tents. Australia was entering on a period of unparallelled development and prosperity, he said, but needed a population of 20.000,000 before our children could be reasonably saie from possible enemies. ?'Our present ability to produce goods needed in modern war is so petty and completely inadequate that the facts are very frighten ing,' he said. 'We have the tech nical skill but. until we can pro duce greater quantities, we can not even start to take care of our country's defence. The only solu tion is more people.' At present costly factories, which could work 8000 hours a year on a 24-hour basis, were working only 2000 hours ajyear. he said. A double shift would , do a great deal to minimise increasing production costs and inflation, Mr. Storey said, but before we 'could achieve that we must have a great increase in the labour force, an expanding local market and a growing export market which could toe achieved onlv by lower costs. 'I hope the union leaders will realise that it is better to lead a growing union than one with a limited membership,' he added. 'Any employer who does anything to antagonise Labour to new ar rivals or' any union secretary who denies membership .to 'new ar rivals is jeopardising the future security of Australia. We must not let our children condemn this generation for gross failure to pre pare this country for their future defence.' Mr. Storey said he would not be even slightly disturbed at the prospect of housing up to 4000 European migrants in tents, be cause we could not get sufficient building materials without labour. 'In the initial stages, the import ant thing is whether the. condi tions are better than those under which migrants lived in Europe.' he said. The present rate of about 55,000 houses a year would have to be stepped up to nearer 95,000 to accommodate the increasing popu lation. 