MORE NEW AUSTRALIANS SHOULD BE EMPLOYED IN RURAL INDUSTRY 'The Commonwealth Government should re view its immigration policy to give it a more bal anced effect so that primary industry could get a fair share of migrant labour with a rural back ground to help increase food production. At the same tune, practical primary producers should be sent overseas to assist in the selection of suitable migrants for rural industries/' This was said by the N.S.W. Minister for Agriculture Mr. E. H. Graham, MLA. Mr. Graham said a better bal ance should be maintained be tween primary- and secondary in dustry in the allocation of mi grant labour and migrants with rural experience overseas should be allocated to primary industries in our country areas. 'That would enable industrial expansion and agricultural de velopment to proceed hand in hand, he added. 'Unfortunately, however, it seems to me that many migrants are being directed to the big cit ies and the task of producing food for a rapidly increasing population is falling ou the shoulders of fewer and fewer primary producers, who are fac ing the problem of au acute cr said. 'Realism and n jn-a.tical ap proach to this problem by the Commonwealth Government sr-? needed if we are to prevent food crises, of which we have had some experience in the last few months,' he declared. 'Take the dairy industry for example,' Mr. Graham said. 'Naturally, we would all like to see more British migrant's, with a rural background, taking jobs on dairy farms. 'Unfortunately we cannot get all our migrants from Great Bri tain but we could turn to coun tries such as Holland and Den mark, which lead the world in high quality dairy production. 'Dutch and Danish farmers and rural workers are highly skilled and industrious and would be a great help to this country,' the Minister said. 'It is no good getting them here, however, if they are going to be employed in other less es sential tasks. 'What we wnnt are people to assist us fxxpand food produc tion so that we can meet the in i-reasing demands caused by big ger population and enable us to contribute our share for overseas export, particularly to Great Bri tain which, today, is so badly in need,' Mr. Graham declared. 