[?] [?] AT the beginning of May, a few days after the open ing of the Festival of Britain, the King and Queen of Denmark are paying a State visit to England. They have both often unofficial visits, so they , will not be strangers — in fact, Queen Ingrid is, herself, half English, as her mother, Princess Margaret of Conhaught, . was a grand-daughter of Queen Victoria. ON the other side of the family, the 41-year-old Queen Is Swedish, the daughter of the new King of Sweden. ? But Denmark claims her as her own. A Copen hagen corerspondent points out that this is a great compliment, as the Danes are not overfond' of the Swedes (Denmark once ruled a great part of Sweden) , finding .them rather overbearing a nd very stiff and formal. But Queen Ingrid has made herself verv popular in Denmark because of her interest in everything Danish, and, mainly, be cause, since becoming Danish Crown Princess, in 1935\. she has taken great trouble : about learning the Danish language, which she now speaks perfectly. The Danish Royal Family is very democratic and almost dispenses with pomp. When walking down the. narrow streets of old Copenhagen anv. morning or afternoon during the winter you are ver' likely to pass a smartly dressed woman whose charming face— dark, smiling eyes, and. her gay. alert expres you see. it a hundred times in the photographs and pictures . displayed in the shops, -but- in these, por traits : the' dark hair is crowned with ;a diamond ; tiftrffc..;. :'.'-..'\\. : :?:.- Ji-\\- ..'?? ? ? Itris, of course,. Queen Ingrid, who often leaves the nearby palace on foot, accompanied by~ a ;lady-. in-waiting: or a friend, to go. 'shopping. : 'Sometimes she goes out with one of the Princesses. ? 'Red' Tactics - mHE ,-?.; Turkish-, ' Em ?*? bassy says ' that eye-witness -accounts by refugees arriving at the Turkish frontier show that Communist Bulgaria con tinues to persecute Its citi zens of Turkish descent right up to the last minute of their stay on Bulgarian In flagrant violation of provisions agreed to. by the Bulgarian ? Government, Communist officials refuse to regulate the mass de Qucen /ngrji, of Denmark. portation of refugees to the prescribed 800 persons per day. ' They keep them herded in open- fields at and around the last Bulgarian station before Turkey, thus creating artificial jams; and then they allow only 20 minutes for these thous ands of people to board the train, in order to cause confusion and force them to leave the last of their belongings behind before they finally leave the coun try. In the meantime, severe winter conditions are taking toll of the un fortunate men, women and children who are de nied adequate food and shelter against rain and snow on the Bulgarian side of the frontier. # ? * . * Death For Wives rriHE correspondent A ; of the 'Yeni Istan^ bul' reports from the Bulgarian frontier --that, following the escape of two Bulgarians across the frontier to Turkey, their 'Wives have been sentenced to death by public tri bunal set up specially in their' .native towns. Eight militiamen, who were on guard on that part of the frontier, were subse quently tried by court martial and executed in Svilingrad Liberty Square. Meanwhile, efforts con tinue to ensure the settle ment in various parts of Turkey of more than 100,000 immigrants from Bulgaria. The work, con ducted by the Turkish authorities, is beta' closely followed by foreign ob servers who are visiting the camps of the immi grants in Istanbul and Edirne. ? ... Aid for the refugees con--, tinues to be received ? from abroad. Turks living in Finland have collected large quantities of clothing, etc., and have despatched them to Turkey through the Turkish Legation in Helsinki. Turks in Cyprus are also collecting funds for the immigrants; a committee has been set up and. so far, more than £2500 has been collected. ?1- . ?» * French Recovery rtEORGE SOLO VT VEYTCHIK, writ ing on 'Recovery and Crisis in Franch,' in 'The Norseman,' says: 'What- ever one may think of French politics, there is certainly no room for doubt about the recovery of France's production. 'Since the beginning of 1949 until the latest Gov ernment crisis and the as yet uncertain impact of the war in Korea, there has been an almost uninter rupted period of improve ment. Whether this is of lasting character or purely temporary, only the future can show. 'But, to date, the record is impressive. Industrial production passed the 1938 level in 1947, and in 1949 it reached the 1929 level— which was the peak out put year in the whole his tory of French industry. 'The removal of wage controls, which brought about a strike in the spring of . 1950, had an ? adverse affect pn pro duction, but only for a ? short time. 'In spite of these strike industrial production in 1950 increased six per cent, over the preceding year, the average index bein: nearly 130 per cent, as compared with an average of 100 per cent, to 1938. It .was 122 per cent, in 1948, and 111 per cent, in 1947. 'As to agriculture, it is estimated at about 103 per cent, of the pre- war level, and. whereas, in 1946. France was obliged to im port wheat, in 1949 'she actually resumed her place among the wheat export ing nations. 'Not only does France now produce enough food to satisfy her own basic needs, but it is no exag geration to say that there is at present a real abund ance of food supplies throughout the country.' A train journey loses its monotony if you have an Invincible Press Book to read. Available all station bookstalls. 