MOVIE actor Sterling m Haydcn, 6ft 4in and Second World War mar ine, testified in Washing con mat ne joined trie Communist party in a burst of misguided emotion in June, 1946, but quit in disgust seven months later. Hayden, who was once mar ried to actress Madeleine Car roll, gave the House of Repre sentatives Un- American Activi ties Committee the names of several members of his Holly wood cell, Including formei actress Karen Morley. He said that he had returned from service with Marshal Tito's Yugoslav partisans Im bued with the Idea of righting world wrongs and joined the Communist Party, but found it. was the 'stupidist and most ignorant thing I have ever done.'— (A.A.P.) * ? * ? BAD weather and insects have severely damaged the American winter wheat crop but not enough to threaten a shortage. Forecast by the Agri culture Department put N the crop at 726,512.000 bushels, or about 173 million bushels below last December's esti mob ? fA API HiiNKi Kaiser, 68, million lire Industrialist, married in 3anta Barbara, California, Myce Chester, 34, divorcee, who ,vas nurse to Kaiser's first wife .intil her death last month.— iA.A.P.1 * * * YUGOSLAV News Agency Funjuo announced yesterday Lhat four Serbian Ministers ivill do the work of 11 recently abolished. The four Minlstrle? fire Internal Affairs, Justice. Finances, and Protection of Work. Serbin's National As sembly has given Premier Petal Slnmbolic the job of recon structing the Government.— (A.A.P.) * * * FOKIMER silent film actress Pola Nefiri was accused in a civil suit on file in the Los Angeles Superior Court of obtaining £1998 fraudulently from a New York man, Guf Pragus. It was charged Negri borrowed the money after tell ing him a German officer hnd abandoned valuable jewellery in her villa at Nice.— i A.A.P.) * * * . MBS. CLARK Gable said In H o 1 1 ywood.i 'nothing could be furthei from the truth' than rumours she was breaking up her mar riage. 'I am stuck on the guy and al ways will be,' former Lady Sylvia Stanley said. 'There will oe no separation, i am in love with my husband.'— (A.A.P.) * ? * PENZANCE jury returned a verdict of accidental- death at the Inquest of Australian girl, Constance Priscilla Carr-Boyd, killed in a motor accident neai Penzance (Cornwall) on Easter Situiday. She was a trained nurse of Wrightson Avenue. Bar Beach, Newcastle, New South Wales.— (A.A.P.) * * * THREE Chinese, three In dians, a Eurasian, a Ceylonese, and an Englishman won the nine seats at the Singa pore Legislative Council Elec tions of Unofficial Members. Three of the other 17 Members in Council are elected by femgipore's Chambers of Commerce. Remainder are nominated by Government.— (A.A.P ) * ' * * OLIVER Stanley, son of the 17 th Earl of Derby and Conservative Member of Par liament for Bristol West up to the time of his death last December, left £149.113.— (A.A.P.) V * * * CEVLON Government has agreed to pay £108,161 for the local assets of Cable and Wire less on the basis of an In dependent valuation made by 'nn official .lent by the Indian Government. — ( A.A.P.) AUSTRALIAN Immigra tion officials at Belfast have received 1475 inquiries about migration to Australia in four days. Or these 650 will be interviewed as possible settlers. * * * ' I ACTING Australian Commis sioner in Singapore and Malaya for the last year (Mr. L. R. VIcIntyre has left for Perth in his way to Canberra to take ap a new post. Mr. T. K. Sritchley, Economic Counselloi )f the External Affairs Depart ment, will take temporary ;harge of the Commission.— (A.A.P.) * * * LEGISLATOR described In the Madhya Bharat (India) Assembly how he broke a re cent barbers' strike by launch Ing a 'counter movement.' He fin id: 'I went round the Harl jan colony and shaved 25 of the residents with a safety razor.' — (A.A.P.) * ?- * '* TUSK ol a mammoth, be ieved to be 50,000 years old, has been found in the West Berlin Ploetzensee Lake, city officials stated. The tusk, .broken ir three, is over five feet long and nearly 11 inches in diameter. (A.A.P.) * * * DANISH police are to spent more of their duty hours on t beat and less in office duties At present, a Danish policemar spends half of his elght-houi spell of duty on a beat. It future, this time will be ex- tended to five hours.— (A.A.P., * * * LABOUR exchanges In Hessi (Germany) are selling monthl; 'study letters' to the unem ployed to help them to pass thi time. The cost is 25 pfennig (5d) each.— (A.A.P.) * * * ALL-INDIA radio has col lectcd electrical recordings o Manatma Gandhi's prayei meetings, right up to his las at the time of his assassinatioi of January 30. 1948. A.I.R. wil now transfer the voice to nev presser discs.— (A.A.P.) * ? ? INDIAN gliding record was set up at Poona recently. Mr. V. II. Irani, chief instructor at the Indian Gliding Asso ciation, remained In the air for four hours 54 minutes.— (A.A.P.) * ? ? INDIA lost about 5,500,00 tons of food grains during 192 as a result of natural calamltie like the earthquake in Assam floods in North India, an droughts in South India, ac cording to a report of the In dian Food Ministry.— (A.A.P.) Mrt. Gahle Mrt. Gahle 