More Migrants Needed for Primary Industry "The Commonwealth Government should review its immigration policy to give a more balanced effect so that pri mary industry could get a fair share of migrant labour without a rural back ground to help increase food produc- % tion," the N.S.W. Minister for Agricul ture, Mr. E. H. Graham, said today. "At the same time, prac- ? tical primary producers should be sent overseas to assist in the selection of suitable migrants for rural industries," he said. Mr. Graham said a better bal ance should be maintained be tween primary and secondary industry in the allocation of migrant labour and migrants with rural experience overseas should be allocated to primary industries in our country areas. "That would enable industrial expansion and agricultural de velopment to proceed hand in hand," he added. "Unfortunately, however, it seems to me that many mi grants are being directed to the big cities and the task of pro ducing food for "a rapidly in creasing population is falling on the shoulders of fewer and fewer primary producers, who are facing the problem of an acute shortage of labor," the minister said. PREVENT CRISIS "Realism and a practical approach to this probelm by the Commonwealth Gov ernment. are needed if we are to prevent food crisises, of which we have had some experience in the last few months," he declared. "T?ke the dairy industry for example," Mr. Graham said. "Naturally, we would all like to see more British migrants, with a rural background, taking jobs on dairy farms. "Unfortunately, we .cannot get all our migrants from Great Britain, but we could turn to countries such as Holland and Denmark, which lead the world in high quality dairy produc tion. "Dutch and Danish farmers and rural workers are highly skilled and industrious and would be a great help to this country," the minister said. "It is no good getting them here, however if they are go ing t0 be employed in other less essential tasks. "What we want are people to ?assist us expandHfewA* produc tion so that we can meet the demands caused by a bigger population and enable us to con tribute our share for overseas export, particularly to Great Britain which, today, is so badly in need," Mr. Graham declared. 