Commonwealth Urged to ? Review Policy 'The Commonwealth Government should re view its immigration policy to give it a more balanced effect, so that primary industry could get a fair share of migrant labor with a rural background to help in crease food production.. 'At the same time, practical primary producers should be sent overseas to assist in the selection of suitable migrants for rural industries.' This was said today by' the State Minister for Agriculture (Mr. Graham). Mr. Graham added that a better balance should be main tained between primary and sec ondary industry- In the alloca tion of migrant labor and that migrants with rural experience overseas should be allocated to primary industries in our country areas. 'That would enable Industrial expansion and agricultural de velopment to proceed hand In hand,' he added. 'Unfortunately, however. It seems to me that many migrants are being directed to the big cities and the task of producing food for a rapidly Increasing population is falling on the shoulders of fewer and fewer primary producers, who are facing the problem of an acute shortage of labor,' the Minister continued. Practical Approach 'Realism and a practical ap proach to this problem by the Commonwealth Government are needed if we are to prevent food crises, of which we have had some experience In the last few months,' he declared. 'Take the dairy industry for example. 'Naturally, we would all like to see more British mi grants, with a rural background, taking jobs on dairy farms. | 'Unfortunately, we cannot get! all our migrants from Great Britain, but we could turn to countries such as Holland and Denmark, which lead the world in high-quality dairy production. 'Dutch and Danish farmers and rural workers are highly skilled and industrious and would be a great help to this country,' the Minister said. 'It is no good getting them here, however, if they are going to be employed in other - less essential tasks. 'What we want are people to assist us expand food production so that we can meet the increas ing demands caused by a bigger population and enable us to con tribute our share for overseas export, particularly to Great Bri tain which, today, is so badly in need,' Mr. Graham declared. 