THE CENTRAL QUEENSLAND HERALD Rockbampton THURSDAY, APRIL 19, GENERAL Mac ARTHUR'S RECALL RESIDENT Truman's dra- matic recall of General MacArthur from all posts held by him in the Far East is one of the major sensations of re- cent years, and will loom large in the histories of our time. That General MacArthur's position in Korea was rapidly becoming untenable, for him- self, for his President and for other Governments had become apparent to the least discern- ing observer of international events. Whilst there was a growing opinion that something had to be done about General Mac- Arthur, and that soon, there was some uncertainty as to whether there was anyone big enough to do it. Here was a national hero, deservedly hon- oured by his own and other nations for great deeds, under fire for following a course which had the support of many, powerful and vocal elements, in his own country. Was there anyone bold enough and with power enough to discipline him? The occasion finds the man who, counting not the conse- quences to himself in render- ing what he considered to foe his duty to his country, stepped boldly forth and did a plain duty. If for no other reason than his courageous action in this matter, whether history proves him to have been right or wrong, President Truman will be remembered when many more spectacular figures at the White House are forgotten. Not only in the United States but throughout, the democratic world, and nowhere more than in Australia, will be felt deep regret that so illus- trious a career should have ended thus. In fulfilment of his promise to come back to the Philippines General MacArthur had returned to Manila like a Roman emperor. He had stood on the deck of the battleship Missouri, hands in trouser pockets, and disdainfully ac- cepted the surrender of Japan. Later he rode through the streets of Tokyo on a white charger, the conqueror, and for more than five years after- wards the uncrowned ruler of 180,000,000 people. Heady days these ! Perhaps he would have been less than human if they had not left their impress upon him. He disliked delegating authority, was impatient of criticism and has said that he acknowledged only two mast- ers-Washington and Lincoln. But Washington and Lincoln are dead, and their precepts, admirable though they be, did not meet the conditions with which General MacArthur had to grapple. Indeed, it was im- perative that he should ac- knowledge higher authority and seek other counsel, and it was his unwillingness to do so, apparently conveyed to the U.S. Army Secretary on his visit to his headquarters last week, that precipitated the crisis. ELEMENTS OF NEW POPULATION ALTHOUGH we in Central Queensland have felt little of its impact-the hostel pur- chased more than a year ago for the temporary housing of new arrivals has yet to receive its first guest-the nationality and type of new citizens who are to raise Australia's popu- lation to safe numbers must be a matter of interest, and, indeed, of concern to all. For that reason there is am- ple material for reflection in statistics, released by the Com- monwealth Statistician, giving details of the gains in popu- lation for the year ended De- cember last. During the year arrivals from overseas exceed- ed departures by 152,505, and of the 250,404 new people, 174,- 540 came with the intention of living here permanently. Of this number 60,341 or 39.7 per cent, were of British national- ity. That is a healthy, propor- tion and should allay any fears that may be entertained that Australia is in danger of be- coming a polyglot race eventu- ally submerging the British element. Next to the British, Poles comprised the largest number of additional Australian citi- zens- last year. Including "Stateless" Poles no fewer than 31,913 came from that country. Italians (13,005) came next, and the Dutch are in fourth place with a contribution of 11,167 migrants. Other Euro- pean countries contributed to our population to the following ratio: Yugoslavia 10,600, Hun- gary 5400, Latvia 5100, Ukraine 5100, Greece 1600, Czechoslov- akia 4800, Russia (including Stateless) 1691. Represented in smaller degree were Austrian, Belgian, Danish, Estonian, French, Lithuanian, Norweg~ lan, Swedish, Swiss, Syrian Lebanese. The United States, with 708 males and 377 females, is not as strongly represented as we would like to see, or as might have been expected from the large number of American servicemen- who expressed a resolve to return here after the war, or from the interest shown by other residents of the United States in "Down Under" as a land of opportun- ity. Germany's 493 males and 993 females are below what is desirable of such good settlers, but is explained by the delicate handling required to secure the admission of greater numbers of our former enemies, due to fears of Nazi indoctrination. However, these difficulties have eased, and from now on a freer flow of screened-German migrants can be expected. On the whole the new pop- ulation seems to be fairly widely spread in the matter of nationality, so that there is little danger of any group achieving proportions that will make for difficulties in the way of a disaffected minority. The most to be feared is their seg- regation into small national groups, and a slower assimila- tion into the Australian way of life than is altogether desir- able. But this can be minim- ised by insistence on their learning English and adhering to the two-year labour agree- ment, which is a condition of entry into the commonwealth. As to the occupations of the newcomers it is worth noting that craftsmen predominate. Rural, fishing and hunting comprises the second group, though it could be preferred that rural workers be placed in a classification of their own so that it could be seen just what proportion of Australia's most needed workers are com- ing in. Operatives (presumably factory hands) make the third category, and finally commer- cial and clerical. Of the female migrants commercial and cler- ical make up the leading group and domestic service is last on the list. The statistics which enumer- ated last year's new arrivals also recorded the Common- wealth's total population at its end. In round figures the total was a 8,315,400, distributed as follows: NSW 3,267,300; Vic- toria 2,232,800; Queensland 1,200,000; South Australia 714, 600; West Australia 573,200; Tasmanla 291,600; Federal Capital Territory 20,400; North ern Territory 15,200 (exclusive of full blooded aborigines). This marks a considerable gain since the war, though we have a long way to go before achiev- ing the 20,000,000 that political, military and economic opinion holds is necessary for our se- curity and proper development. In spite of the considerable gains in population Australia is still suffering an acute manpower shortage, and there is no doubt that industry is in a position to absorb the annual. Inflow provided they can be assimilated in other ways. Housing is the biggest bugbear, but the strenuous efforts being made by governments must soon begin to show results. A big factor in the smooth run- ning of the country's immigra tion policy would be a more settled industrial situation per- mitting production to be step- ped up and full advantage taken of the economic oppor- tunities presenting themselves On the whole it can be claim- ed that thud far the immigra- tion policy has gone well. 