ANCIENT CITY l COMING TO LIFE CAESAREA, Israel íAP). -j About 200 years ago this i I ancient place on the Eastern Mediterranean coast was th» ¡capital of the Roman province 'of Judea with its own temple, its hippodrome and amphi ¡ theatre. I Built from 25 to 13 BC by Herodes the Great, "Caesarea ¡By The Sea" had a fortified ¡harbour as big as that at j Athens. The 200 ft wide sea ¡mole reached into 20 fathoms of water. Paul sailed from this har- bour to Tarsus, his birthplace in Asia Minor, and many other important events relating to Christian, Jewish and Moslem history in the Holy Land took place there. Later, "Caesarea By The Sea" fell into ruins, the place was forgotten, and it seems that the Crusaders were the last to regard it as an import- ant strongpoint. Today, Caesarea has come back into history once more. Jewish immigrants are work- ing on its sand dunes to make them fields and woods again; but while the bulldozers rumble over the area new archeolog ical evidence comes to light to tell of the past. Thus, among the latest finds was a beautiful huge porphyrite statue of what was apparently a Roman god- dess. Unfortunately the head and the forearms were miss- ing; experts think they were of gold, probably stolen in the Ciddle Ages. There are no plans for an- other town at the site of Caesarea, but the harbour and the mole are being rebuilt as an Israel fishing port to serve the many Jewish fishermen who have already settled in the region. There is also an official fish- ing school here and a big sea fishing research station; found- ed four years ago by the Jewish Agency and now sup- ported by the Israel Govern- ment. While under the former British Palestine Administra- tion some fish research had already been done on the Lake of Galilee, there has never be- fore been any systematic in- vestigation of conditions in the Eastern Mediterranean. However, it would be unjust not to relate that in the fish- ing development of the Eastern Mediterranean the descend- ants of the Romans of 2000 years ago - the Italians - are contributing their share In fact, apart from a fe« hundred Arab fishermen, uï to the late thirties of thu century, most of the coastal fishing here was done by Ital- ian-fishermen who also mar- keted their catch here. They used to say: "Then are more fishermen than fis' on our Italian home coast." Some of the Italian fishini ¡methods are being replaced b; I Danish or Dutch ones. Never theless, the Italians wer« ver good teachers in the trade an they still are. Even now whe: Israel is to have its own "fish lng villages fishing cooper atives, fishing schools and rc search stations as well as thei own fishing fleet of some A vessels, three of which are no1 fishing off Scotland and Mox occo, there are still eigl Italian fishing boats based t Haifa. They have been give port rights on the conditio that half of their crews mu always be Israeli. This condition is being fu filled, and, in addition to fist lng, Israelis learn some Italia from their fish masters. 