Australians are getting more | careless about stamping their mall. The Postmaster-General, i Mr. Anthony, last week said great! inconvenience was caused toj postal olllciBls. RecipenU had to; pay twice the amount of the de-j nciency and delayB jn delivery were possible. On Tuesday afternoon. Dr. John Ward, CJJy Medical Officer, stated that no further cases of poliomyelitis Kid been rcpurted since Friday.:. Total of local rases during -he epidemic, he said, is 33. Polio cases were first reported last November, and later resulted in the closure of the Tobruk Memorial Baths. A young Townsville man on Tuesday suffered sulphuric acid burns to both legs. He is John Burke, aged 21 years. The acci dent occurred at a city ware houBe shortly after 10 a.m., when Burke dropped a bottle containing the acid. His burns were of a second degree nature. Ambulance bearers gave first aid, and Bukre was taken to hospital for further treatment. Fresh fish are again coming to the Townsville market-but not from local vessels. Mixed shore fish are now being railed from the Ayr district. Apprcximately five or six boats are operating in Cape Upstart waters, and other fisher men are working small creeks for barratnundi. Nets and traps are providing most of the supplies. Small quantities of nsh have been coming from Ayr for most of this year, but this week is providing the best showing so far. One local fishing launch is at present operat ing out from Townsville. Statistics compiled by City Council authorities in February illustrate the trend away from timber for use in construction of private houses in Townsville. Shortage of the material un doubtedly plays an important part in this. Of the 22 dwellings, con. struction of which was approved Ijv the Council, ten will be of libre or other sheet material, one of brick or concrete, and the re mainder of timber, Value of the wooden houses will be £16.940, and of the fibre £12,405. The brick or concrete house will cost £2500. Overhaul and repairs to the Carpentaria lightship have been completed, and it has come off the Cleveland foundry slipway. The steel lightship was towed first from the Gulf of Carpentaria, to Thursday Island late last year, then brought south, in tow, by the Lighthouse Supply Service vessel Cape Leeuwln. The light ships contain an unattended light, and are an Important navigational aid. Now anchored at the concrete wharf, and with Carpentaria newly painted on the side, the ship now at Towns ville will again be taken in tow by Cape Leeuwin, and returned to the Gulf and anchored. Flow of water in Ross River is graduaUy lessening. Last reading supplied to City Council auUion ties showed the river's height at the Black school as 26 feet and ?i of an inch— just S of an Inch above the crest of the weir. At Aplin's weir on the river's lower reaches, the water was 10! Indies below the weir level There has been a continuous flow over the Black school weir for very many montha now, but unless heavy rain falls it will soon cease. Mon day's water consumption was 3 458,009 gallons— compared with 8,918,000 gallons a week pre viously. Three oil tankers are at present expected to berth at Townsville this month. They are Daronia and Macoma (both Shell vessels) and Stanvac Sumatra (one of the Standard Vacuum fleet). First to arrive will be Daronia on March 17, and Mace ma will follow on March 22. Daronia discharged at Townsville late in January ot this year, and from here sailed north to re-load. During February no tankers called at this port. Total of vessels calling during the month was IS— a larger number than in February of 1950. Sentencing Leslie Walter Ben nett, 18, labourer, to three months' imprisonment, Mr. R. J. J. Hart, S.M., said yesterday in the Court of Petty Sessions that 'this was a case where an older boy had led two younger boyB into trouble.' Sub-Inspector M. J. Nugent, prosecuting, said a com plaint had been received from the South Townsville Theatre on Sun day last that the refreshment kiosk had been broken into. Police later interviewed Bennett and two other boys. They had been disturbed at the kiosk, and had not taken the goods referred to in the complaint — four packets of cigarettes and four packets or potato chips— from the building. They had, however, been removed from the kiosk, said the sub inspector. He added that Ben nett had told investigating police that he had 'covered'' one of the other boys while he opened the kiosk. Bennett had one previous conviction of a theft charge. A report comes from Julia Creek of aerial sowing of sorghum in that district. Mr. L. A. Wall's Fairchild aircraft was hired by Mr. Clarkson, who is in charge of the argricultural project at Mil lungcra Station. Mr. J. Shulz piloted the machine and several hundreds of acres of land were sown with sorghum seed. The pilot made eight runs and the task was performed successfully. It was stated that the operation proved more economical than the method of using a special Bowing machine drawn by a tractor. About three thousand pounds of seed were sown and rain is now I awaited to precipitate the growth of the sorghum. Mr. L. Wall slates that he has grown acres or sorghum on hiB cattle property, Agate Downn, in the Kuridala dis trict, and intends growing it at the butcher kiUing yards ibr feed for the pigs. Mr. Max Burns, of Balootha, Is another property owner in the Julia Creek district who is crowing sorghum. William Alexanda Cormack, 19, electrical apprentice, was fined £3 in the Court of Petty SesBions on Tuesday when convicted by Mr. R. J. J. Hart, S.M., of the first traffic offence of its kind in Townsville. Under the new. Act, Cormack was charged with failure to reduce speed at a crossing to allow a pedestrian to safely pass. Cormack pleaded not euilty, and conducted his own defence. The charge arose from an accident on January 15 at the intersection of Flinders and Stokes Streets, in which an elderly man named Foley received injuries. Police claimed ithat he lisa been struck bv the , the side car or a motor cycle, rid den bv Cormack. Cormack ad I milted that his side car had hit | the pedestrian, but said he could not have stopped in time as the pedestraian was a quarter of the wav across between the kerbing and the flcver beds when he saw him from behind people on the footpath. Police evidence was given bv Sergeant A. Schultie. and Sub-Inspector M. J. Nugent prosecuted. Six shillings costs of Court were also imposed. Townsville will orobably get an extra A.N.A. 'plane thrice weekly under the Airline's winter schedule beginning on May 1. The additional Townsville - Brisbane service was recommended with other improvements at A.N.A.'s Queensland managers' confer ence in Brisbane on Tues day. This would include an all rcund tightening of 'plane connec tions in Queensland. There were 47 contractors doing road jobs for the Main Roads Commission in Queensland at Jan uary 31 this year, as compared with 33 at January 31 last year. TWS lmormauon was supplied in Parliament on Tuesday by the Treasurer, Mr. Gair, in reply to Mr. Bjelke Petereen (C.P., Bar ambah). The State Government was asked to restore the right of local option In a motion carried by the Methodist Conference In Brisbane yesterday. Another motion asking the Government to enforce the law . which prohibits publicans from supplying intoxicating liquor to minors and coloured people was also passed unani mously. Charged with having in his poBsesslon a pair of bolt cutters suspected of having been stolen,' George Anson, 48, waterside worker, appeared In the Court of Petty Sessions on Tuesday. He pleaded not guilty, and was represented by Mr. S. Treen (of Wilson. Ryan and Grose). Evi dence of arrest was given by Constable p. D. Daly. Anson was remanded until Thursday. Bail, on his own recognaissance, of £15, was allowed by the presiding magistrate, Mr. R. J. J. Hart Approximately 14,000 tons of Mt. Isa minerals are stored at the Townsville wharf at present, dwelling BuifJiiieuu iiie luuu CLm prises 7500 tons of zinc concen trates and 6500 tons of silver-lead bullion. Mt. Isa products each year provide the port's largest cargo tonnage, and in 1951 will be Increased still further by the availability or copper for expert. Extra storage space for 'the copper will be provided by the Harboui Board at No. 5 berth. Townsville wharves arc rarely without an overseas vessel loading minerals, and in the last year ships with British, Danish, French, Swedish. Norwegian, Dutch and American flags have called. Due tc arrive shortly to take zinc concentrates is the new Danish luxury pas senger-freighter Morelia. She is expected In the third week of March. National days of three European countries from which immigrants have ccme to North Queensland are to be celebrated within the next few weeks. They are those of Denmark (March 11). Greece uuarcn Z5) ana tne Netherlands (April 30). Two of the countries —Denmark and Holland— are represented In Townsville by Royal Vlco-Consuls. Greek residents of this city are represented by a committee elected in conjunction with the Church of the Saints Thecdores. Chairman of this com mittee has the honour of being President of the local Orthodox Community, and at present the position is filled by Mr. E. Ath erlnos. March 11 is the birthday of King Frederik of Denmark, and April 30 is the birthday of Queen Julianna of the Nether hinds. The Greek Anniversary cf National Independence is cele brated on March 25. From next week-end all Sunday newspapers in Australia will sell at six pence a copy. Price in creases have been forced by the general inflationary spiral of costs. The current issue of 'Newspaper News,' published in Sydney, which reached Townsville on Monday, says some metropoli tan newspapers, which have sold at three pence for some time, ex pect to be forced to ah even higher price soon. 'Newspaper News' says 'The benefits result in? from the rise from two pence to three pence are stated to have vanished, leaving the dailies finan cially worse off than they were before the price rise. Increases in the basic wage, rise in cost of newsprint, new awards, etc., have imposed heavy burdens on the finance of daily and Sunday news popers, as well as on periodicals, weeklies, magazines, comic books, etc., are likely to go up in price shortly.' LASt month, approval was given by TownsviUe City Council au thorities for the erection of 31 buildings with a value of £33 757 Of these, 22 arc dwellings, with a total value of £31,745. Average cost on these figures in then £1443 per dwelling. However, included in the 22 approvals, were two Mag netic Island residences. Cumbined cost of the two ia estimated at £1800. Excluding these buildings, average, cost of a city dwelling becomes apprcximately flliOO. Thirteen or the new residences are in the Park Ward, four in North Ward, two in West End, and one in the South Ward. Approved alteration* to dwellings and other buildings totalled 16. with a com bined value of £4477. Approval was eiven fcr the erection of only one temporary dwelling— and this in the Park Ward, valued at £100. Total yplue of construction works to which approval was given in February was £38,S44. 