GOLDEN WEDDING Scammells — Martens Two well-known and respec- ted identities of Maryborough, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Scammells, of 5 Crown-street, passed the 50th milestone of their mar- riage on Friday last, Novem- ber 23. The day passed for them in a happy family circle. Among the many friendly callers all eager to add their quota of good wishes and congratulations were the Rev. Ken. and Mrs Horton who, on behalf of them- selves and the Walker- street Methodist Guild, presented sin- cere wishes for the couple's continued health and happiness, and a glorious sheaf of choice gladioli. Mrs. Scammells is still an active member of the guild. Her crochet work, for which she is renowned, keeps all odd moments occupied. It is a craft, she says, of which she never tires. Martha Martens and W. G. Scammells were married at Pialba and have ever since lived in Maryborough. Mrs. Scammells' father was a Danish immigrant who mar- ried another Danish immigrant after his arrival here. He died 20 years ago at the age of 90 years, so he can be classed as one of the very earl- iest of our pioneers. Mr. Scammells, who was a sawyer by trade, was in the employ of Wilson and Hart until four years ago. The couple are now living in retirement in a comfortable home in Crown-street. They are both home-lovers and their house and garden are their great joy. Of their three children, the son, Mr. Percy Scammells, lives next door, Grace (Mrs. Stan Taylor) is in Maryborough, and May (Mrs. E. A. Barlow) lives in Rockhampton. There are eleven grand- children and eight great-grand- children. The daughter from Rock- hampton, Mrs. E. A. Barlow, together with her two sons, Messrs. Colin and Maxwell Barlow, and her daughter, Mrs. Williams, with her children, Sonia and Richard, were all in Maryborough to take part in the happy family gathering. Besides numerous telegrams, cards and other congratulatory messages, there was a beautiful cake, the work of eldest grand- daughter, Mrs. J. Matthews. Roses of gold were featured on the cake, and golden wishes were expressed that this worthy couple will see many more anniversaries together. — "JANE." 