EMPLOYING NEW AUSTRALIANS- FOOD PRODUCTION IS VITAL "The Commonwealth Government should review its Im migration policy to give it a more balanced effect so that primary industry could get a fair share of migrant labour . with a rural background to help increase food production. At. the same time, practical primary producers should be sent overseas to assist in the selection of suitable migrants for rural industries," said the N.S.W. Minister for Agricul ture (Mr. E. H. Graham, M.L.A.) oh Tuesday. Mr. Graham said a better bal ance should be maintained be tween primary and secondary industry in the allocation of migrant labour, and migrants, with rural experience overseas should be allocated to primary industries in our country areas. "That would enable indus trial expansion and agricultural development to proceed hand in hand," he added. "Unfor tunately, however, it seems to me that many migrants are be ing directed to the big cities and the task of producing food for a rapidly increasing population is falling on the shoulders of fewer and fewer primary pro-" ducers, who are facing the prob lem of an acute shortage of lab our," the Minister said. "Realism and a practical approach to this problem by the Commonwealth Govern ment are heeded if we are to prevent food crises, of which we have had some experience in the last few months," he declared. , - "Take the dairy industry for example," Mr. Graham said. "Naturally, we would all like to see more British migrants, with a rural background, taking jobs on dairy farms. Unfortunately, we cannot get all our migrants from . Great Britain but we could turn to countries such as Holland and Denmark, which lead the world in high quality dairy production. "Dutch and Danish farmers and rural workers are" high ly skilled" and industrious and would be a great help to this country," the Minister said. "It is no good getting, them here, however, if they are going to' be employed in other less es sential tasks. "What we want are people to assist us expand food produc tion so that we can meet the increasing demands caused by a bigger population and enable us to contribute our share for overseas export, particularly to Great Britain which, to-day, is so badly in need," Mr. Gra ham declared. ' ' 