iimmra Maiig§¥ HS3HK9DEK9EHHQEI3I1HE89EKK9I DRITISH Immigration Council members want the Prime Min isters of Australia, New Zealaand, South Africa, Southern Rhodesia, Canada, and Britain to confer on immigration. The members told the \ustralian External Affairs Minister (Mr. Casey), in London, that large-scale transfers of population and industry from Britain should be reviewed. They emphasised particu larly the_ need to disperse Britain's armaments indus tries to Commonwealth countries beyond bombing range.— (A.A.P.) * . * * ATTEMPT was made to set fire to the Danish Par liament building in Copen tiagen, but only slight dam age was done. Two Danish Members of Parliament dis covered papers and wood burning outside a room.— (A.A.P.1 * df* * * BRITISH Housing Min ister (Mr. Harold Mac millan) has announced the appolntm enf of war-time prod u c t i o n chief. S i r I Percy Mills, as adviser In the Govern ment's hous-. Ing drive. Sirs Percy would! advise Minis- 1 ters how to] increase hous-l ing produc-l tion. Mr.l Macmillan' disclosed there were Sir rercy Sir rercy 20 new labour and material saving designs for a British 'people's house.' — (A.A.P.) ? * ? SENIOR Common wealth finance officials are expected to meet in London on January 8 to prepare for the Com monwealth Finance Min isters' secret conference beginning on January 15. .—(A.A.P.) ? + + MARRIAGE is more popu lar than ever in the United States. The Census Bureau in Washington said that only 19 per cent, of women over 14, and about 26 per cent, of men were single to day.— (A.A.P.) \+ ? + FACTORY town of Oda warra, 35 miles south-west of Tokio, was almost com pletely destroyed for the second time this century, when fire burned 250 houses and left 3000 people home less.— (A.A.P.) * + ? ADMIRALTY has an nounced that the Royal Re search Shin. Discoverv II. las arrived at uioraitar, ana s expected at Plymouth on Jecember 7, after having ompleted 18 months' ser ice in southern waters, and ircumnavigated the South 'ole.— (A.A.P.) * * * RESULTS of a special examination of 11,000 Los Vngeles (U.S.A.) high school tudents, between 16 and 18, ?howed that 18 per cent, of ;hem did not know there vere 12 months in a year.— A.A.P.) * * * AUSTRALIAN and New Zealand High Commissioners ind Australian State Agents 3eneral will receive the same iiplomatic immunity ex ended to foreign envoys in 3ritain under a Bill to be jresented to the House of Commons. — (A.A.P.) ? ? * SICILIAN women wore 'Bikinis' 1600 years ago. Two Italian archeologists discov jred this when digging at Piazza Armerica, Central Sicily.— (A.A.P.) ? ? ? BOY Scout leader, aged 18, wanted as a suspect in i]ie slaying of his mother and sister in Detroit (U.S.A.), was asked by his father in a public appeal 'to surren der wherever you are.' — (A.A.P.) ? ? * FILM comedian ,Bob Efope, rejected a doctor's ad rice to enter a hospital in Wheeling, West Virginia (U.S.A.), and left for a mili iary camp in Indiana, where tie was scheduled to .give three shows. — (A.A.P.) ?* ? ? LONDON theatre critics hand honours in Noel Cow ard's new play, 'Relative Values,' which has opened in the West End, to Gladys Cooper, 62, in the part of a mellow Countess. — (A.A.P.) \+ * * TRIAL of Mrs. Clark Gable's divorce suit against her film star husband was set in Hollywood for March 17.— (A.A.P.) * * * SIAMESE twins, born on September Id to Mrs. R. Brodic and joined at the head, could not be separated, neurologists at the University of Illinois Research Hospital have announced. — (A.A.P.) iV * ? FREKOH Army announced in Saigon that Vietminh re bels vaulted Vietnamese wire defences with bamboo poles in fierce attacks on a post north of Saigon. The Vietnam garrison beat back the rebels.— (A.A.P.) ? ? i ? ONE Gurkha soldier was killed, another died of wounds, and four others were injured when a grenade accidentally exploded in a camp in Bahau area, Negri Sembilan, Malaya. — (A.A.P.) * ? . ? DEMOCRATS have taken heart from the latest Uallup rolls in I lie United States showing that Republicans need to persuade independent voters to win the Presi dential elections. — (Spe- cial.) ? * * TRUSTEESHIP commit ee of the United Nations las decided in Paris to con inue the debate on South vest Africa because it has 10 news of the tribal chiefs nvited to appear before it. -(A.A.P.) 