ROCKHAMPTON MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1951. NEW POPULATION Although we in Cen Queensland have felt little its impact-the hostel r chased more than a year for the temporary housing new arrivals has yet to rec( its first guest-the nationa and type of new citizens \ are to raise Australia's po; lation to safe numbers m be a matter of interest, a indeed, of concern to all. For that reason there is a pie material for reflection statistics, released by the Co monwealth Statistician, giv details of the gains in poj lation for the year ended I cember last. During the y arrivals from overseas excel ed departures by 152,505, s of the 250,404 new people, l"i 540 came with the intention living here permanently, this number 69,341 or 39.7 ] cent, were of British nation ity. That is a healthy prop« tion and should allay any fe¡ that may be entertained tl Australia is in danger of t coming a polyglot race even! ally submerging the Brit; element. Next to the British, Po comprised the largest mimi of additional Australian ci sens last year. Includi "Stateless" Poles no fewer th 31,913 came from that count Italians (13,005) came ne and the Dutch are in foui place with a contribution 11,167 migrants. Other Sui pean countries contributed our population in the followi ratio: Yugoslavia 10,600, Hu gary. 5400, Latvia 5100, Ukrai 5100, Greece 1600, Czechoslc akia 4800, Russia (includi Stateless) 1691. Represented smaller degree were AustrU Belgian, Danish, Estonia French, Lithuanian, Norwe ian, Swedish, Swiss, Syrii Lebanese. The United States, with 7 males and 377 females, is n as strongly represented as \ would like to see, or as rnigl have been expected from tl large number of Americs servicemen who expressed resolve to return here after tl war, or from the in tere shown by other residents < the United States in "Dov Under" as a land of opportui ity. Germany's 493 males ar 993 females are below what desirable of such good settler but is explained by the delica handling required to secure tl [admission of greater numbei ¡of our former enemies, due I fears of Nazi indoctrinate ¡However, these * difficult!! have eased, and from now on freer flow of screened Germa migrants can be expected. I On the whole the new pop ulation seems to be fair] widely spread in the matter c nationality, so that there j little danger of any grou achieving proportions that wi make for difficulties in the wa of a disaffected minority. Tb most to be feared is their seg regation into small nations groups, and a slower assimila tion into the Australian way o life than is altogether desir able. But this can be minim ised by insistence on thei learning English and adherin to the two-year labour agree ment, which is a condition o entry into the Commonwealth As to the occupations of th newcomers it is worth notini that craftsmen predominate Rural, fishing and huntini comprises the second group though it could be preferrei that rural workers be placet in a classification of their o wi so that it could be seen jus what proportion of Australia' most needed workers are com- ing in. Operatives (presumable factory hands) make the thin category, and finally commer- cial and clerical. Of the femali migrants commercial and cler- ical make up the leading groui and domestic service is last or the list. The statistics which enumer- ated last year's new arrival: also recorded the Common- wealth's total population at its end. In round figures th« total was 8^15,400, distributed as follows: NSW 3367,300; Vic- toria 2,232,800; . Queensland 1,200,000; South Australia 714, 600; West Australia 573,200; Tasmania 291,900; Federal Capital Territory 20,400; North- ern Territory 15,200 (exclusive of full blooded aborigines» This marks a considerable gain since the war, though we have a long way to go before achiev- ing the 20,000,000 that political military and economic opinion holds is necessary for our se- curity and proper development. In spite of the considerable gains in population Australia Ls still suffering an acute manpower shortage, and ther« is no doubt that industry Ls in a position to absorb the annual inflow pr ided they can be assimilated in other ways. Housing Ls the biggest bugbear but the strenuous efforts being made by governments mu?t ioon begin to show results. A big factor in the smooth run aing of the country's immigra- tion policy would be a more settled industrial situation er mitting production to be step- ped up and full advantage ;aken of the economic oppor- tunities presenting themselves Dn the whole it can be claira >d that thu- far the immigra ;ion policy has gone well. 