ANCIENT ROMAN ein COMING TO LIFE AGAIN. CAESAREA, Israel (A.P.). About 2000 years ago this ancient place on the Eastern Mediter- ranean coast, -was the capital of the Roman province of Judea, with its own temple, . its hippo- drome and amphitheatre. Built from 25 to 13 B.C. by Herodes the Great, "Caesarea by the Sea" had a fortified harbour as big as that at Athens. The 2C0ft. wide sea mole feached Into 20 fathoms of water. Paul sailed from this harbour to Tarsus, his birthplace in Asia Minor, and many other im- portant events relating to Chris- tian, Jewish and Moslem history in the Holy Land took place Here. Later. "Caesarea by the Sea" fell into ruins, the place wa« for- gotten, and it seems that the Crusaders were the last to regMrd it as an important strong- poinfT j To-day, Caesarea has! coree back into history- once more. Jewish immigrants are working on its sand dunes to make them fields and woods again. But while the bulldozers rumble over the area new archeological evidence comes to light to tefl Of thé past. Thus-, among the latest Ands was a beautiful huge porphyrite Statue of what was apparehtly ä Rööiän goddess. Unfortunately, the head and the forearms were missing; experts think that they were of gold, probably stolen in the middle ages. REBUILDING HARBOUR. There are no plans for another town at the site of Caesarea-but the harbour and the mole are be- ing rebuilt as an Israel Ashing port to serve the many Jewish fishermen who have already settled in the region. There is also an official fishing school here and a big sea fishing research station, founded four years ago by the Jewish Agency and now supported by the Israel Government. While under the former British Palestine Adminis- tration some fish research had al- ready been done on the Lake of Galilee, there haS never before been any systematic investigation of conditions in the Eastern Medi- terranean. However, it would be unjust riot tc relate that in the fishing de- velopment of the Êâsterh Medi- terranean the descendants of the Romans of 2000 years ago-th« Italians-are contributing . their share-t In fact, apart from, a few hundred Arab fishermen, up to the late- thirties of this Century, Wost of the coastal Ashing here was done by Italian fishermen, who also marketed their catch here. They used to sajf: "There are more fishermen than fish on our Italian hdme coast.''. Some of the Italian fishing methods are being replaced by Danish or Dutch ones. Neverthe- less, the Italians were very good teachers in the trade and they still are. Even now when Israelis have their own fishing villages, fishing co-operatives. fishing schools and research stations as well as their owh fishing fleet of some 40 vessels (three of which are now fishing off Scotland and Moroecol. there are still eight Italian fishing boats based at Haifa. They have been gtveh Hâlfâ port rights on the condition that half of their crews must always be Israeli. This condition is being fulfilled, and in addition to fishing Israelis learn some Italian from their fish mas tera. > 