caesarea COMING TO LIFE CAESAREA, Israel (A.P.).— About 2000 years ago this ancient place was the capital of the Roman province of Judea, with its own tem ple, its hippodrome and amphitheatre. Built from 25 to 13 B.C. by Herodes the Great, "Oaesarea By Tlie Sea" liad a fortified harbor as big as that at Athens. The 200 feet wide sea mole reached into 20 fathoms of water.- Paul sailed from this harbor to Tsarus, his birthplace in Asia Minor, and many other important events relating to Christian, Jewish and Moslem history In the Holy Land took place here. Later, "Caesarea By The Sea" fell into ruins, the place was forgotten, and It seems the Crusaders were the last to re gard it as an Important strong- point. BACK INTO HISTORY 'To-day, Caesarea has come back into history. Jewish immigrants are work ing on Its sand-dunes to make them fields and woods again. But while the bulldozers rumble over the area, new archeologlcnl evidence comes to light to tell of the past. Thus, among the latest finds was a beautiful huge porphy- rlte statue of wliat-was appar ently a Roman goddess, un- fortuntely— the head and the forearms were missing: experts think they were of gold, prob ably stolen in the Middle Ages. There are no plans for an other town at the site of Caes area— but the harbor and the mole are being rebuilt as an Israel fishing port to serve the many Jewish fishermen who have already settled in the re gion. There Is also an official fishing school here and a big sea fishing research station, founded four years ago by the Jewish Agency and now sup ported by the Israel Govern ment. Wnlle under the former British Palestine Administra tion some fish research had already been done on the Lake of Galilee, there has never be fore been any systematic in vestigation of conditions In the eastern Mediterranean. In the fishing development of the eastern Mediterranean the descendants of the Romans of 2000 years ago— the Italians —are contributing their share. In fact, apart from a few hun dred Arab fishermen, up to the late thirties of this century, most of the coastal fishing liere was done by Italian fish ermen who also marketed their catch here. They used to ray: 'There are more fishermen than fish on our Italian heme coast." Some of the Italian fishing methods are being replaced by Danish or Dutch ones. Never theless, the Italians were good teachers In the trade, and they still are. Even now, when Is rael Is to have its own fishing villages, fishing co-operatives, fishing schools and research stations as well as Its own fish ing fleet of some 40 vessels (three of which are now fish ing off Scotland and Morocco) —there are still eight Italian fishing boats based at Haifa. - They have been given Haifa port rights on the condition that half their crews must al ways be Israeli. This condition is being ful filled—and in addition to fish ing, Israelis learn some Italian from their fish masters. 