REALISM NEEDED ' IN EMPLOYING NEW AUSTRALIANS ,u - ^bdD^pribbbcTioN VITAL ^ . 'Tlie. Commonwealth Govern ment should review its1 Immigra tion policy to give it. a more bal anced effect so that primary in dustry could get a fair- share of migrant labor with a rural back ground to help increase. food pro duction. At thd same time, prac tical -.primary producers should be sent overseas to assist, in the selectlon'of suitable migrants for rural industries' ^ This : .waS' said by- the ;NSW Minister for Agriculture, tne Hon. E. H. Graham, MLA. Mr. Graham said a' better bal ance-should be maintained be tween. primary and secondary in dustry -in - the allocation of mi grant '-labor, -and migrants with rural experience- overseas should be allocated-, to primary indus tries in our country - areas.'. : ! 'This would enable industrial expansion and ..agricultural' de velopment' to proceed in hand,' he.added. ? . . - ? ? , - 'Unfortunately, however, it seems .to me. that .many- migrants are being Wirected to big cities, and the task'-'of producing food for a rapidly increasing popu lation Is falling on the --shoulders ' of fewer and fewer primary pro ducers, who are facing the prob lem of an acutc shortage 'Of -la- bor,' the- Minister said. ?'-Realism and a practical ap proach -to .: thi3- problem; by. the Commonwealth Government are needed if we: are to prevent food crises, of which we have had same experience in the last few months,!' he declared. 'Take the dairy industry . for example,' Mr. Graham said. 'Na- turally, we would all like to sec more ? British , migrants, with a -- rural background, taking Jobs on dairy farms. -, - Unfortunately,' we cannot get ail our migrants froiu. Great Brit ain, but -we- could turn,, to coun - tries such-, as -Holland' and Den mark, which dead . the ..world ? in . high quality dairy production. '?Dutch' and Danish farmers ? and rural workers are highly skilled and Industrious, and iwopld -be a -great help -to this country ,'* the Minister $ai£. 'It Is no good getting them hdrc.'.ribwevcr,' if they are going to'fabf empidyed-'in other less es sentlal.tasks. '. '-Wfiat 'wc. want '.are people to assist us'expand food production so 'that wo can meet the Increas ing demands Catised 'by a bigger population; and-cnabl,e us. to con tribute ? -Qur,,. share . ior„. overseas export, particularly... to , Great Britain which, today, is so badly in need.' Mr. ^Graham declared. 