EmV^Wfe ? Mautter Stn lMre Reims /The Commonwealth * 'Government should review its 'immigration policy lo give II a more 'balanced cf»«t-«o that primary ;inius1ry could gejt a fair ?hare of -migrant labor with a rural backiround to help Increase too* prb ductloti.-,At the anne time, practical primary producers should be tent orcneas to assist .In the selection ot suitable migrants for rural Industries.' .This wan said bx the R&yt.; Minister for Agriculture, Mr. E. H. Grubam. Mr. Graham cald a better .balance should bt.; maintained between primary and aecoadary Industry in tbc alloca tion ot migrant labor and migrants with, rural experience overseas; should b« allocated ' to primary industries In our country areas; ? . , , 'Hut: would enable Industrial': ex pansion and agricultural development to. proceed hand In band,' he added. 'Unfortunately, however, it teems to me that many migrants arc b'elmz directed to the big cities and the task of producing . food for a rapidly in creasing population Is falling on the shoulders ot fewer and fewer primary producers, who arc facing the problem of an acute shortage of labor,' the Minister saiu. 'Realism and a practical approach to. this problem by the Commonwealth Government are needed If wc:arc lo prevent . food crises, of which we have hqd some experience In tbc lost few months,'' he declared. 'Take the dairy Industry for ex ample,' Mr. Graham said. 'Naturally, we would like lo sec more British Migrants, with a rural backgrouod. taking Jobs on dairy farms. 'Unfortunately, .we cannot get all our migrants from Great Britain, but we could turn to countries' such u Holland and Denmark, which lead the world In high quality dairy production. 'Dutch and Danish farmers and rural workers are bighiy skilled and Industrious and would be a great help to this country,' the Minister said. 'It is no Eood getting them here, however, if they arc goinc to be em ployed In other less essential tasks. 'What we want are people to assist in expand food production so that we can meet the increasing demands caused by a bigger population and en able us to contribute ' our share for overseas export, particularly to Great. Britain which, today, ls so badly In need.' Mr. Graham declared. 