Food Production Vital - MINISTER SAYS MORE REALISM NiEEDED IN EMPLOYING NfeW AUSTRALIANS. 'The Commonwealth Govern ment should review Its immigra tion policy to give it a more bnl anced effect so that primary in dustry could get a fair share of * migrant labour with a rural background to help increase food prdouction. At the same time, practical primary producers should be sent overseas to assist, in the selection of suitable mi grants for rural industries.' This was said by the N.S.W. Min ister for Agriculture, the Hon. E. H. Graham, M.L..A. Mr. Graham said a better, balance should be .maintained between pri mary and secondary industry in the allocation of migrant labour and migrants with rural experience over seas should be allocated to primary industries in our country areas. 'That would enable industrial ex pansion and agricultural develop ment to proceed hand in hand,' he added. 'Unfortunately, however, it seems to me that many migrants are be ing' directed to the big cities and the task of producing food for a rapidly increasing population is falling on the shoulders elf fewer and fewer primary producers, wlio are facing the problem of an acute shortage of labour,' the Minister said. 'Realism and a practical ap proach to this problem by the Com monwealth Government are needed if we are to prevent food crises, of which we have had some experience in the Jast few .months,' he declared. 'Take the dairying industry for example,' Mr. Graham said. 'Nat- urally, we would all like to see more British migrants, with a rural back ground, taking jobs on dairy farms. 'Unfortunately, we cannot get all our migrants from Great Britain but we could turn to countries such as Holland and Denmark, which lead the world in high quality dairy pro duction. 'Dutch and Danish farmers and rural workers are highly skilled and industrious and would be a great help to this country,' the Minister said. t 'It is no good getting them here, however, if they are going to be employed in other less essential tasks. 'What we want are people to as sist ? us expand food production so tiiat we can meet the increasing de mands caused by a bigger popula tion and enable us to contribute our share for overseas export, particu larly to Great Britain which, to-day, is so badly in need.' Mr. Graham declared. 