W7f?ii¥!a.rn [fiiiffi^giTr nQHKBSK9EflflEKVB|H3DflflQi L'UK ordinary people, smoking had little effect on the breathing, t»- rimrliic Rnlrpr. n. heart specialist, said in London yesterday. It only slightly increased ;he work of a healthy heart ie said. If the lives oi smokers were a trifle shorter. ;hey might be that much more merrier.— (Special). ? * * CHINA'S Communist eader Mao Tse-tung, sent i congratulatory message tc Mr. William Gallacher, 3ritish Communist Party jhairman, on the occasion of iis birthday. Mr. Gallacher vas 10 on Christmas Day.— ;a.a.p.) tamp. WYMAN. the act ress, lepuiiuu to police in H o 1 1 y wood i that while .she and her1 children were absent from their home on Christmas Day deliver ing Christ mas presents thieves stole ifinnn dollars (about tAiuuuj worm ui iui» and also jewellery of an un determined value.— (A.A.P.) * * * NICARAGUA'S President, Anastasio Somoza, yesterday ordered the abolition of more than 100 taxes and levies as a Christmas pre sent to the Nicaraguan people. The move was de signed primarily to help lower food prices and benefit Industry and commerce.— (A.A.P.). * * * TWO CHICAGO phy sician* reported that a vitamin obtained from the. peel of citrus fruit could piny a -tine fill role in the X-ray treatment of deep cancer and ax a form of defence, against atomic radihtion. — (Special). * * * MAHMUD Bey Muntasser has been appointed Libya's Premier and Foreign Af fairs Minister, charged with forming the first Govern ment of Libya whose inde pendence was proclaimed on Monday.— (A.A.P.) * * ? LONDON'S 16 toastmas ters, who give grace and dignity to every big occasion in London, sat down to their own formal dinner last night. They wore evening dress instead of the custom ary bright red livery.— (Special.) * * * ASSISTANT Professor of Psychology at Cornell Uni versity, U.S. (Dr. Patricia Cain Smith) says there is no difference in Intelligence be tween people who- get bored on repetitive jobs and those who don't. The main dif ference is that those who complain of monotony seem io nave rii unaunyuits b^'^- ral restlessness. — (Special.) ? ? ? DANISH ship Martin Carl (2499 tons), which ran aground near Cape Race, Newfoundland, early on Tuesday, had become a sal vage case, the United States Coast Guard said yesterday. The vessel was 'down by the head.'— (A.A.P.) ? * * TWO MONTHS will be needed to clear the 1,000,000 cubic metres of rocks and earth which crashed down on the Simplon railway line (Switzerland) in midNo vember between Varzo and Domodossola, in the largest landslide in the Alps with in living memory on record. —(A.A.P.) ? ? * GREENLAND'S largest export, icebergs, hit a new low this year, of an output estimated at 10,000 to 15,000 bergs, none reached the crowded shipping lanes be tween North America and Europe. — (A.A.P.) ? ? * LEFT-HANDED golfers have, left-handed clubs, and left-handed basc hallcrs have special gloves; now American banks arc making left handed cheque-books for left-handed writers. — (A.A.P.) ? * * SOUTH AFRICA will celebrate in April the 300th anniversary of white settle ment with a crowded pro gramme of festivities. — (A.A.P.) *?*?*? TURKEY is encircled by 43 Russian satellite divisions, but the Turkish Com mander-in-Chief -General Nuri Yamut) told 14 visiting American newsmen in An kara : 'We have been fight ing the Russians for cen turies and I think we can fight them again.' — (Special.) ? ? ' * ? ONLY young immigrants under 35 'years of age were now on the 'wanted' list in Israel, Jewish Agency of ficials said in Jerusalem.— (A.A.P.) ? * * SAN FRANCISCO has been virtually placed 'out of bounds' for returning Korean war veterans, as the U.S. Army wants to get the men started homewards within 24 hours.— (A.A.P.) MICROFILM reproduction of almost the entire treasure of ancient manuscripts in the Vatican libraries has been authorised by the Vati can.— (Special.) ? * * FIFTY different chemicals —acids, alkaloids, sugars, and fats— had been isolated from smoking tobacco, the American Chemical Society reported at a symposium. on the chemistry of tobacco.— (Special.) ? ?*..??♦? MORE American business men than ever before are learning foreign tongues, aoth at home and in schools. Linguaphone Institute, the largest supplier of home study language courses, said its orders from 630 com panies were 30 per cent, more than last year.— (Special.) . * .* * SINGAPORE thorough fare, called 'Cut Your Stomach Open Street,' because it leads to the site of an old cemetery for paupers and post mortem cases, has been renamed 'Plantation Avenue.' — (Special). *? ♦ + SINCE 1946 America has given 30,285,000,000 dollars' (£A12,100,000,000- worth of help to other nations. Most of it has gone to Europe, — (Special.) Jane Wyman Jane Wyman 