NEW AUSTRALIANS. MINISTER SAYS MORE REALISM NEEDED. FOOD PKODUCTION VALUE. "The Commonwealth Govern mment should review its immi gration policy to give it a more balanced effect so that primary industry could get a fair share of migrant labour, with a rural background to help increase food production. At the same time, practical primary produCers should be sent overseas to assist in the selection of suitable mig rants for rural industries." Tliis was said by the N.S.W. Minister for Agriculture, the Hon. E. H. Graham, M.L.A. Mr. Graham said a better bal ance should be maintained be tween primary and secondary in dustry in the allocation of mi grant' labour, and migrants with rural experience overseas should be allocated to primary indust ries in our country areas. "That would enable industrial expansion and agricultural dev elopment to proceed hand in hand," he added. I "Unfortunately, however, it (seems to me that many migrants jare being directed to the big cit lies and the task of producing food for a rapidly increasing populat ion is falling on the shoulders of fewer and fewer primary produc erss, who are facing the problem of an acute shortage of labour," the Minister said. "Realism and a practical ap proach to this problem by the Commonwealth Government are needed if we are to prevent food crises, of which we have had some experience in the last few months," he declared. "Take the dairy industry for example," Mr. Graham said. "Naturally, we would all like to see more British migrants, with a rural background, taking jobs on dairy f armss. j "Unfortunately, we can't get all our migrants from Great Britain but we could turn to countries such as Holland and Denmark, [which lead the world in high quality dairy production. ! "Dutch and Danish farmers are highly skilled and industrious and would be a great help to this | country," the Minister said. "It is no good getting them here, however, if they are going to be employed in other less es sential tasks. "What we want are people to assist us expand food production so that we can meet the increas ing demands caused by a bigger population and enable us to con tribute our share for overseas ex port, particularly to Great Brit ain which, to-day, is so badly in need," Mr. Graham declared. 