News From The English . Electric Company have .been, awarded a contract in' Australia's "Snowy Mountain" Hydro-Electric Scheme. The order, which is for water turbines and alternators, is valued at more than £250,000 sterling. Guthega is the first of 16: power plants of the Snowy Mountains Scheme, whose total output will approximately equal'that of all .the power: . stations, feeding Greater London. The turbines, each of 45,500 h.p., and alternators will be similarto' those supplied by Eng lish Electric for Britain's largest hydro-electric plant at Loch Sloy. About 3500 Scots are expected to be selected for assisted passages to Australia, following the visits of Australian Immigration. Selection Officers to 14: centres > in Scotland. Inquiries in Glasgow reached the record figure of 5160 ★ <■ ★ British scientists are. now carry ing out important- • experiments, which may • show, how a, possible world shortage of- sulphur, can. be avoided; The experts- estimate that, world supplies of this vital com modity may be exhausted; within 15 years. Work-is being, done • at the United Kingdom Government's Chemical Research Laboratory with bacteria which produce .sul-. phur. These microbes were brought from the warm lakes of North Africa which are. their normal home. Certain- strains of- these minute organisms- turn -sulphates and sulphides' into sulphur by a process ofrpxydatipn; ★ ★ ★ The notorious pirate, Captain Kidd, is believed to have been born in" Greenock, Scotland, so it _ is fitting, that, the' latest .expedition! to search for his alleged, "treasure1 trove" should.baled by a Greenock man, Mri James Brownley, now the general'manager , of\ a boati building-. firm. Mr., Brownley will set out in• May- with.eleven; other adventurers for: Skeleton.Island.in the South .China Sea, where,- ,ac-j cording to'..a chart discovered* in, an old sea chest, the pirate's gold" was hidden more. than . 250 years ago. ' ;' ★ ★ Briain is "giving the Hong Kong University. ..another- quarter of a million, pounds stealing.. T\his- is announced by the British.Colonial Office who. recall.-that a previous grant of a similar sum was made about three1 years ago. It. is-being sent-as a .gesture of assistance to-: wards, reconstruction of, the:Um— versity which" was badly damaged and looted during the. war. , ★. * All British, aircraft carriers and naval / stations are to be, equipped with helicopters. These .machines are to-play a.big-part in the.future expansion■ of. British! naval, avia tion. ; What invaluable, work heli copters; can do for ^ warships and also for /merchant vessels was con vincingly demonstrated at a.special exercise held, recently in the Eng lish Channel. Two hundred: trial flights were made from a ship travelling..atsea in many different types-of weather. These experi lents shewed that a very high vind is likely, to be - the- only limi ation on the helicopter's effective . * ★ *" Aircraft with delta-wing shapes re now being:, designed in-British actories, are setting a pattern for he high-altitude, jets; ro.ckets and uided missiles of .the future. Three lelta aircraft are already being est-flown over- a wide range of peeds and smaller-scale models re being examined in wind .tun lels and structure test-rigs. Re earch pilots who have flown these' et-propelled types are stated to le convinced that . there1, are no .erodynamic difficulties in the .esign. . All three deltas are fitted with , tricycle under-carriage afid have zings swept hack at least 45, d.e ■ees.. The;wing span is' about 33J 1 XliV xnrv,.- — — jet on the. Avro. and Boulton-Paul eltas and) only approximately 19 A jet on the sharply swept-baek 'airey machine. Performance de lils ' of the three aircraft are scret. ■k- ★ Britain's- newest television tation, scheduled to. be opened in tie North- of • England mext August, dli be: the' most, powereful vision ransmitter, in the. world, with a rolonged" output of 50 kw. The quipment was-manufactured ir. tie United Kigdorn-by.the- Marconi !ompany. Despite the1 vast expansion, in iritish motor car-production, over eas demand appears still' to. ex eed supply according to reports rom the Geneva Motor ShowThis xhibition is stated. to have pro uced more orders for British cars, anging from, the -cheapest to the cost expensive, than the . manu acturers can fulfill. ★ ★ The Danish , Government has laced ian order valued' at £2 mil ion with Harry Ferguson Ltd., of Coventry, for agricultural tractors .nd implements. The contract, zhich .includes-5710 tractors and 4,822 implements; will be fulfilled his. year. This Coventry- firm last lonth exported close on 4000. trac ors to 34 countries. ★ ★ ★ British engineers are drilling new il wells in South Iraq which are kely to prove deeper *than any in be- Middle-.. East. Eight fresh- oil ields are being developed there, of zhich four have already been cmpleted and are now be.yig horoughly. tested. They are being developed with be aim of "exporting big quantities f oil from- South- Iraq. This wiil tart early next year and it is ilanned eventually to ship, two and half million tons of oil to wond narkets every year from these new 