By GOLDA ZIMMERMAN, for the J.C.F.N.S. In. a whitewashed Jerusalem hos pital recently a middle-aged woman i was told by the doctor that she could !ibe discharged. This is a daily oc * curence in most hospitals ana woula ‘not formally warrant publicity. But this incident took place in the Lep ers’ Home in Jerusalem. The woman, a Palestine-born member of a kib butz, had spent seven months in the Home. , . ^ The Home has 46 patients, many of them new immigrants from the Yemen, Turkey, India, Persia artd Iraq. It is estimated that between 100 and 160 lepers are at large/in the country. They are not compelled to enter the Home for treatment,/ be cause, from a medical point of yiew, leprosy is less contagious than other communicable diseases. The Minis try of Health is opposed to compul sory setgu^gationk because icompul sion bipeds fear and prevents suffer '.ers from reporting. No/cure for leprosy is known, but in recent years there has been a great advance in its1 medical treat ment, and the use, of the latest sul pnone group of drugs has, in many cpses, removed all visible signs of the disease. . / When the Ministry of Health took over the hospital, Dr. Felix Segher, a dermatologist from Czechoslovakia, who studied the treatment of lep rosy in America, was put in charge. His use, of sulphones and othejr drugs, quantities of which have been supplied by British chemists, has helped patients to resume a normal life. . In no country are lepers given bet ter treatment than in Israel. Dr. Seg her visits the hospital every week, while another doctor attends daily. Jewish nurses will not wort m tne Home. There are three Danish nurses who volunteered for the job, and who give devoted service. ®ut there are many problems. The nurses have no common language with the patients and misunderstand ings have occurred. With all its re cent improvements the hospital is a gloomy Home, especially for those who have to stay there for years, perhaps till death releases them, and for the half-dozen children there. The lack of occupation, the feeling of be ing cut off frpm the human race, confinement for years in & limited space, create strain and misery. The many problems can only be dealt with slowly, and when more funds are available, At present the main aim is to provide medical rer lief. 