t - A as? \- ? ;'.» V.vw -.K.uw. ?'/ ,r ?«,vy-v-f Etfi?; 1 ^STOCKHOLM '(WJA).— : j^ldmjggjg, g&- :$ng j§ Jewish Congress, paid a |f short visit v ta ^34p-^kholm ? where, together \tfitif Israel1 i ; Minister ? Avrahaiil Nissan he was received by Prime Minister Tage Erlander. The Swedish Premier dis V Cussed development and construction problems in \- Israel, and also showed gr-eat interest in the repara ' tions negotiations. At' a dinner given in ^ honor of Dr. Goldmann by \- Dr. Nissan, guests included ' the US Ambassador and the Swiss and Canadian Minis ters. Also present was the chief of the Swedish For eign Office Press Depart ment and Pastor Primarius ? Nystedt. ? , , LONDON (WJA). — 'A i ' 'Working Group for Radio ? ; Questions,' meeting in Han over, according 'to thS West German News Agency, pro posed that three short-wave transmitters, including two for overseas programmes. should be built. The group justified its demands by pointing to ; 'absence of direct radio links between the. Federal Republic and Germans living abroad.' , LONDON (WJA). — The ( European Executive of thf t World Jewish Congress hay appealed to its European o - ? constituent organisations, tc support fully the 'Institute for the Study of Jewish Life Abroad,' established by the 1'. Hebrew University in Jeru W salem with the approval of the Government of Israel and the Jewish Agency. The Institute collects doc umentation concerning pre sent- day Jewisli life in the Diaspora and aims at estab lishing ? Central Jewish ' archives 'for sociological rCr, search. It is interested in ? 1 documents as well as in ' Jewish books and journals \- Which have been or are be ing published in European countries. All relevant ma terial, says the World Jew ish Congress, appeal, can be posted directly to the 'In- stitute' at^JShlomit Hamalka Street 9, Jerusalem, or handed over at the respec tive Israel Legation for transmission. * ; NEW YORK (WJA).— The City Council of Concepcion , (Chile) has ordered an in '? , vestigation of reports of a . strong centre of neo-Nazis or* neo-Fascists existing se , cretly in Chile, headed by 'well- known Fascist ele * ments from abroad,' reports the Santiago daily 'Ultimas Noticas.' ; , STOCKHOLM (WJA).— : Telegrams , arid messages of congratulation from all over the world liave been piling up in Stockholm's World Jewish Con'gress office on the occasion of the fiftieth S ' birthday bf/- Hilel Storch. Latvian-born leading figure of Swedish Jewry. ^ , u Storch, who escaped to Sweden in 1940, organised * war-titne irelief for Jewish communities ill clos^ co il operation with the Swedish Government. He had a leading part in the despatch of 70,000 ffood psir^els . tb c6ncent^|tion c^p^^ p|?dvi- ( sitin1 ofSwedish' saf e'tpori- duct passports , fQr ;,Je^s in Htfn&afry;, ther ! s^scuC- 6i' Danish Jews frpm the Iferer zin camp in ftfazi-occftpied Czechoslovakia. ;- Later, he was instru mental in preventing execu tions of Jews when- the German retreat in the Bal tic started,. Due to his ef forts, thousands of inmates of the Bergen Belsen, Buch eriwald, Terezin and other camps were , saved from 'liquidation' before the lib eration of the camps by the Allies and, with the help of the Swedish Government and Red Cross, 5500 inter nees of Ravenbruck were MAAAMWWWUMMAM rescued and taken to Swe den before the end of the war. After the war, World Jewish Congress action on his initiative, brought some 6000 displaced persons in a popr state of health from Bergen Belsen to Sweden A search service for. miss ing persons was established and succeeded in uniting thousands, and Sweden ad mitted another 800 families as , .transmigrants. LONDON (WJA). — Ac- cording to the Arab News Agency, the Iraqi ♦ Govern ment received a request from the Arab League for making use of Baghdad Radio in sending out pro grammes eplaining the pol icy of the Arab League and 'defending it against the tendentious campa i g ri launched against it.' It is understood that 'other Member States of the League have been asked to take part in this broadcast cam paign.' ? LONDON (WJA). — Five monuments in commemora tion of sixty-thousand Jews who perished as victims of Nazism and Fascism or in the fight for Yugoslavia's liberation, will be unveiled ? 3 I on August 21 according to information received at the World Jewish Congress from the Federation of Jew ish Communities in Yugo slavia. The memorials are being built-in Belgrade, Zagreb, Sarajevo, Novi Sad ... and Djakovo. . ? ? ' ' LONDON (WJA).— A com munication' (expressing the hope of the World Jewish 1 Congress Executive that thfe British Government , 'may now feel able to agree to ratify the Genocide Con vention, and thus to join the other thirty-seven States which have ratified it,' has the )Rt. Hon t^oy d, Minis ter of State, ^by Mr. A.i/tK Eastermah;- Political* - Direc tor of ' thtf1 World '? ' Jewii&i5; fcbrigPesis; iV.-''-/.-. : :!i-- ' ?''It has been ;a sb'urCe tof disappointment to ' Us',':! jMiV Easterman (declared, 'that tlie British Government should, for so long a 'time after the adoption of the convention, not have seen its way to recommend to Parliament the ratification of this most important in ternational instrument, de signed to protect groups' against such crimes as mass annihilation, which the Germain Nazi regime com mitted against the Jews and other groups in Europe.' The communication re calls the memorable scene in the House of Commons on the occasion of Mr. Eden's reading of the Allied Declaration of December 17, 1942, announcing to the ' world the mass massacres 1 of the Jews then proceeding at the hands of the, Nazis, and declaring the intention of the Allied Powers to punish this unspeakable crime. 'The Hotise of Com mons spontaneously rose in silence as a tribute to the Jewish dead and to express its horror of the crime per petrated against them. This crime was an act of geno cide which the convention deals with.' The World Jewish Con gress, Mr. Easterman stated in conclusion, has always felt that the , British Parlia ment, would not find any difficulty, in accepting the Government's recommenda tion to- jratify the conven tion. '*? -fv. o NEW YORK (WJA).— The American State Depart ment's action in securing exemption of American Jew ish commercial firms from the boycott which prevents importation . into Saudi Arabia of all goods manu factured by Jewish firms or consigned to that country by Jewish exporters, is de scribed as 'commendable and in accordance with the traditional, policy of the USA not to tolerate discrim ination . by, foreign powers against American citizens of whatever race or creed,' Dr. M. L. Perlzweig, United Nations consultant of the World Jewish Congress, de* clared here when the modi fication of the Saudi Arabian decree became known. 'However, the boycott problem continues for Brit ish,, Italian and other J ews and even for American Jew ish firms represented in Is rael,' the World Jewish Congress spokesman added 'For . these reasons, the World Jewish Congress1 Will proceed to press for. a re view of the issue by the Economic and Social Coun cil of the United Nations , as a violation of the United Nations Charter.' The. World Jewish Con gress has fought against the Saudi Arabian decree con tinuously in London, Wash ington and at UN Headquar ters for* many weeks past. The Saudi Arabian decrees have no commercial or economic justification and afk merely seryingi political purposes. ;and the propaga tion of discrimination. ?&|s|itfe i|||Co||^E|||e| forts, Saudi Arabia, on twb ofccasibn'sj - ? 1 pofiement - of - ? a i ; hearing | iof = th&'case'by ^ the ,'Noh-Gpvr : ernmental'i o Organisat i b' ri s - COrtimittee of ECOSOC. It ib flow^iesiiectedn that i !the , hearmg will take place after the United Nationals Legal Department has examined the objections raised by Saudi Arabia. ' . ' - e Nearly 12,000 volumes have been received by the Jewish National and Uni versity Library recently from four donors living in the USA, South Africa, Switzerland and Portugal respectively,: (1) The largest of these gifts is the 6000 volume library of the late Prof. Max Radin, Dean of the Univer sity ' of California Law School, , comprising mainly classical works, Judaica of the Hellenisitic period and a collection of law books which has been presented by l}is daughter. (2) The collection of 3,200 books and pamphlets of Hebraica and Judaica, in cluding four complete edi tions of the Talmud/ from the library of the late Mr. %. P. Ruttert, .of Capetown, sent by his wife. (3) Dr. Egnatio Bauer, formerly of Madrid and now of Basle, who presented valuable collections of Span ish books to the Library some years . ago, has now presented 2500 works on Spanish history, literature and art, Africana and Juda ica. (4) The Rector of the University of Lisbon, Prof M. B. Amzalak, has sent over 200 books arid reprints of the works of the late Prof. Leite de Vasconcellos, a noted Portuguese philolo gist and archaeologist. Sir Keith Joseph, Baron et, of London, has been elected joint treasurer of the English Friends of the He brew University, and will serve, together with Sir Edmund de Rothschild, ? in that capacity. He succeeds Sir Henry d'Avigdor Gold smid, who resigned as joint treasurer on being elected president of , the Jew ish' ; Colpm$atipiii il Associa tion. A sori of Sir ' Samuel George \ Joseph, who was once JLord , Mayor of Lon don, Sir Keith was educated at Harrow and Oxford, served with the rank of cap tain, -R^A., in World War II and as common council man and alderman of the City of London in recent years. v ? JERUSALEM (W J A) . — No news has been received in the first, week of June oi the 'Ti'ansilvania,' which was to have resumed her regular voyages ; on June 1. parrying immigrants from Constanza to H^aifa. A spokesman of the Israeli Foreign Ministry said last week that he was 'in no position to make any posi tive statement about emigra tion frorii Rumania.' According to the same spokesman, talks were be ing held with the Hungar ian Government to enable 360 Hungarian Jews — the [balance of the quota of 3000— -to emigrate to Israel. 