The McCarran Act U.S.A.'s Security Laws Again Under Fire . . " By n "The Age'c Correspondent in Washington - AMERICA'S controversial McCarran Internal Security wAct has barred so many eminent scientists and other ihtellec- tuals from the United States in recent months that, pres sure is growing in Washington for its modification or repeal. . IT WAS BECAUSE OF the provisions of the McCarran Act that the State Department last year failed to grant the necessary entry . permit to Australia's Professor Marcus 'Oliphant in time for him' to attend an important meeting in Chicago. V . . other world figures who have been denied permission to enter the' United' States In clude Doctor Ernst Chain, Nobel prize winner and the co-discoverer . of penicillin; Professor Adolf ' Petersen, noted, Danish scholar; Mich ael Polariyi, prominent Brit- ish educator, and Professor Vallarta, Mexican atomic physicist. State Department officials admit that United States' prestige abroad is being damaged by application of the act. The case of famous British author. Graham Greene, last month, only serve to inten sify opposition to the act, despite the fact that Greene was eventually) granted a special dispensation to enter the country, after .first being denied permission. Quick Action. ! The Government acted : quickly when it became ob- ; vlous that the . vision . of a novelist as a threat to Ame- : rican security was too absurd to stand up before American public opinion. Greene's only sin was that he became a Communist member for a brief spell, as "a prank," 30 years ago. a. aeiuge oi uuiupmuiw) from foreign embassies In Washington has descended on the Government. " Some diplomats privately expressed the- belief that- international publicity aris- - lng from the situation was providing Russia with per- . feet propaganda about America's own "iron cur tain." "Weaken Security" The McCarran Act, or Antl- Gommunfst Act, as it Is also - known, was passed over whelmingly by the House of Representatives, and- Senate, in September, 1950, over the objections of Mr. Truman. Two days later Mr. Tru man vetoed it and sent a five-thousand word message to Congress explaining why. It was one of the most em phatic, , fervent statements ever written by a President. He said the law would not hurt the ' Communists, but help them." It would actually weaken the existing internal security, measures, and "make a mock ery of the bill of rights and of our claims to stand , for freedom In the world." ; Mr. Truman's, veto was ap- : plauded by - many "influential ' newspapers; by numerous'.- church leaders,' officials 'of thes '' American Federation . ' of Labor, and Congress of Indus trial Organisation, who said they considered the act a ter-: rible mistake, ' Nevertheless Congress - promptly overrode Mr. Tru- ' man's veto and the. act be came law. ' . Aliens Dealt With A section, . dealing with aliens, was designed primarily to exclude : subversive ele ments from the country, but ' also excluded members af-: filiated, at any time, with totalitarian groups. Anyone whose presence In the country would not appear to be in the Interests of secu rity was banned! Congressional passage of the legislation could not be described as panicky or- hur-' rled. f Congressional .committees, had Investigated ,for nearly three years what laws could be enacted to deal with the Communist menace. They had abandoned the idea or out lawing the Communist party after warnings that such a step . would only drive them underground. The bill that emerged came from- the Senate Judiciary Committee, headed by Sena- . tor Pat McCarran, " after whom it was named. Even McCarran admitted after the new law was ap plied that it waa "Harsher" than he liad anticipated. Within twenty-four hours of its enactment?- hundreds lot tfavell'er's? en ' route !to the United States, were ordered to return to their homelands to get : their; visas -reconsidered. Many never obtained new visas. Scores who had already been in . the United States were deported. -The great majority ad mitted they had been in youth movements at one time or otner in Italy, Germany and Spain, but protested' it was an involuntary mem bership. ! , It did not, nowever, re move many other objectioHal provisions of the act. It is under these pro visions that eminent scien tists and others had been - forced to abandon plans for attending important meet ings in the United States. Reluctantly the department has not Issued vises in time for scientists to attend' the meetings. It is believed this was merely because officials did not have sufficient time' to investigate the applicants' past history. Hesitation of the depart ment to grant visas quickly may be due, In part, to re peated accusations that the department had, been "soft" In earlier years to .Commun ists. Whatever the reason, both' State Immigration Depart ments were severely criticised by the American press this week. . , McCarran and his sup porters, however, are remain ing adamant in the face of criticism., Their answer to critics., is . that the ostensibly harmless . political associations, of the past sometimes have, turned out later to be fcl\© real asso ciations "in ' "conspiratorial Communism.". They . also argued that a test of a few months is not, sufficient to give the act a fair trial; that control of subversion is admittedly a complicated, difficult process; that all such efforts funda mentally have to be on a basis of trial and error. Mr. Graham Greene. 