PARS AND PERSONALS. A PREMATURE BABY ? THINK OF HUMIDI-CRIB. TTT A capital golfer is 'G,' He drives from a capital 'T'; And the words be lets fall When he misses the ball All begin with a capital 'B.' Snakes are making their ap Karance in quite large num bers. Yesterday (Thursday) Mr. Stan Murray lulled two reptiles of the black variety at his home on Bungay Road, Wingham. Snakes should give Stan a wide berth if they de sire to remain intact. Attention is invited to an advertisement - appearing in this issue in which the Post master-General's Department is calling tenders for the sup ply of wooden telegraph poles where required between Har rington-CrOwdy Head; also Oxley Island. *** Mudgee 'Guardian': The new swim suits seen at Syd ney beaches are scantier than ever. Some two-piece cre atiecjs leave little to the ima ginatRJlV-and some of the one piece efforts s,. can easily be mistaken, for no- covering at all. The real puzzle is: 'How do they keep them on?' Per haps they glue them or use postage stamp edging. This frantic exposure of dustcov ered bulging feminine flesh if both startling and depressing. *** An overseas traveller inquir ing about what Australians have done with their increased leisure, might find the answer in ever-increasing crowds on hotel corners for SP betting. or at the races, and at dog meetings, said Mr. O. D. A. Oberg in Sydney on Wednes day. Mr. Oberg, acting Chair man of the Commonwealth Immigration Council, who re cently returned from a 13 months' visit abroad, was ad dressing the St.. Andrews Cathedral Club Luncheon. 'I wonder if the climate is doing something to the physical and moral fibre of Australians, as did the warm waters of the Mediterranean to successive generations who attained world greatness,' he said. People in Australia were ere' ating a. tremendous problem by getting away from the basic fact that to be happy, they had to work, he added. *¥* A documentary link with Coff's' Harbor's early history has been discovered by work men employed in the remova! of the old School of Arts in High Street. Investigating some of the wooden blocks or which ' the vld building was built, Mh Les. Gilbey. juiir.. discovered a bottle cemented into one of ttae wooden blocks. Inside the bottle .was found a copy of the 'Clarence and Richmond Examiner' dated 4th August, 1904. With it was a statement, dated August 8 1904, which read: 'This corner block was duly laid by Mr. Jordon on the above date. Officers: President, M. Shep herd: Vice-Presidents, P. Jar rett and J. Foulks; Secretary H. Mdnnes; Treasurer, J Chynoweth.' The document was signed by Hugh Mclnnes Honorary 'Secretary. All the names mentioned in the docu ment are well-known to old time residents of Coff's Har bor. Mr. C. Gilbey, the pres ent President of the School of Arts, said a similar procedure will be followed when the new building is constructed. *** Mrs. E. R. Hoyer, wife of Sergeant Hoyer, of Bellingen recently received ,a.Jetter from Mr. C. J. Delaney (now Com missioner of Police), together with a certificate#of appreci ation and a, gold badge brooch fashioned in the shape of a police cap badge. These were in appreciation of the services rendered by Mrs. Hoyer during the absence, on leave, of her husband, during the appre hending of an offender at Dorrigo charged with assault ing a taxi-driver at Thora. Mrs. Hoyer received and at tended to telephone messages, commencing^at 2 ajn.,- and throughout J^he day, and also advised andDh^ed the police until the arrest WB& made. The covering letter added: 'I am aware that police, particularly in country centres.j-eJy greatly on their wives and other mem bers of their families for as sistance in carrying out their duties and i know also that such assistance rarely comes under notice officially. On an- occasion such as this. therefore, it affords me great pleasure to have the ' oppor tunity of conveying to you the gppteci&Uon; of the police &u-; Uicfctties for your valuable co operation and assistance.' A NATIONAL HEALTH WEEK MESSAGE: Milt is the perfect food for infants and a valuable food for adults. Don't economise on milk. ♦** In the list of Church Ser vices printed in our last issue in connection with the Pres byterian Church, the words 'United Sunday' appeared. This was incomplete, . and should have read 'United Nations Sunday.' - **♦ Mr. Fred. Woollard, who has been in the Royal New castle Hospital undergoing treatment for the past few weeks, is expected back in Wingham this week-end. Mr. Woollard is much improved in health, and we trust he will continue to make progress. *** Mr. Percy Byrnes, of the railway gates, Bow Hill, near Wingham, has just returned from. Newcastle, where he re-, ceived hospital treatment. We understand that Percy is not quite OK yet, and may have to go back for further treat ment. His many friends trust that he will soon be relieved of the trouble that has afflict ed him. *** Mrs. Elizabeth' Scrivener, of Charlotte Street Ashfield, and for many years of Wingham, has recently had a severe at tack of bronchial influenza The attack shook the old lady up, but her many Wingham and district friends will be pleased to know that she has made a wonderful recovery, and is once again quite sprightly— despite her 96 years. *** Mr. Norman Calvert, who is competing at the Queen's Prize Meeting at Anzac rifle range, Liverpool, reports that he is still keeping 'in the money' and obtaining very re spectable scores. Mr. Jim Stevenson, who is also a mem ber of the Wingham Rifle Club, is doing very well in all the events, and has been chosen as a member of the country team of riflemen to compete against trie city team. *** Several members of the Upper Manning A. & H. Asso ciation will attend the Long Plat Rodeo to-morrow (Sat urday). Long Flat is not a large centre, but they managf to stage a very successful rodeo each year, the camp drafting events being particu larly well patronised by well known competitors. *** Mr. Vince Hale and Mr. Joe Brisbane have been the objects of much good natured banter this week. It all arose from an advt. in Tuesday's 'Chron- icle' regarding a kitchen tea. Their signatures were attached to the advt. instead of those of their respective and re spected wives. It might be announced right here that neither Vince nor Joe has any pressing ambition to invade a field that is rightly the pre serve of the women folk. *** Mrs. A. C. Beal. Group Presi dent of the CWA, attended the North Coast CWA Group meeting at Coff's Harbor on Wednesday. Whilst at this meeting Mrs. Beal was pleased to renew acquaintance with Mrs. Sullivan wife of Mr. H. Sullivan who. it will be re membered, was Manager of Wingham Branch o; the Bank of NSW for a number of years. *** Mr. Ian Sharrock. the NSW Junior Farmer who recently returned Iroiii a tour of America officially opened the Junior Fanner Field Day con ducted yesterday at the farm of Mr. W. j. Allan at The Bight, Wingham. Ian also gave -an account of his trip to the USA, and screened films illustrating some very interesting views of beauty spots in the USA, XX.X. One of the' most important social events in Wingham for many years will be the double wedding ceremony at the Cath olic Church on Saturday, 25th October. The contracting par ties will be Eileen Florris Har rison and James Vincent Mc Nally, and Kathleen Louisa Harrison and Frederick Wil liam Page. The young ladies are daughters of Mr. and Mrs. Dan Harrison, of Wingham. Rev. Father M. Mqylan, Parish Priest, will officiate. The double wedding is attracting widespread interest. ?'**^ku. . 'Newcastle Morning Qefaid': For years, Mr. Oscar lateen, a bearded Norwegian ex sailor, was a popular figure in the Hamilton RSL Sub Branch. When he died some months ago in his seventies and an inmate of Waratah Benevolent Home, he was buried by the Sub-Branch, and his relatives in Denmark werej advised. On Wednesday night at a Sub-Branch meeting, a letter from his sister, Erna Hedtoft Larfsen, of Aarhus, was read. The letter came about three weeks agoV and was sent to the Danish- Con- sul in Sydney to be irahs lated. In it Miss fiarseh thanked the Sub-Branch 'for what you have*toeen to my brother,'' and enclosed a draft for kroner equivalent to £25 '14s 4d. which -she thought the Sub-Branch 'should have. It '?us, she said, the money which 'stood on my 'brother's bank book' in Denmark:. BO YOU LOVE CHIL DREN? SUSCR1BE TO HUMIDI-CRIB. *** Mr. Charlie Watts, of Wing ham, is having an enforced spell from his railway duties, owing to illness. Relieving offi cer is Mr. Ron Larson, of Gloucester. *** Says 'Sweet Sixteen' writing in the 50-50 column of the Sydney 'Telegraph' last week: 'When Marjorie Jackson comes home from Japan, it is to be hoped that old and middle aged men will stay at home with their wives and families and let Marjorie mix with girls and boys of her own age. Young girls do not like being kissed by ugly old men even at then birthday party.' Ah, well,, we are all only young once and until we reach 90 we men don't consider we are getting old! 