Danish Scientists Investigate Racial Pathology By DR. J. SNOWMAN. Some medical authorities believe amt Jews exhibit a special tendency to arteriosclerosis or, to use the more correct tdrm, atherosclerosis. This problem in racial pathology can only be solved by an extensive and con trolled statistical investigation an centres of large Jewish population. Before the war, many comparative studies on health and disease among Jews were published in Europe and America. The defunct Jewish Health Organisation of England participated in this work. A book recently pub lished in Denmark (Physical and Mental Stresses and Consequential Development of Atherosclerosis with in the Jewish Population of ^ Den mark, by Grethe Hartmann and Fun Schulsinger. Copenhagen) another contribution to this subject, is in formed by a somewhat original idea Starting from the standpoint thpt arteriosclerosis is determined by a life of physical strain and mental stress, our authors investigated the incidence of arteriosclerosis in two biologically homogeneous groups, one of which was exposed to a mini mum, and the other to a maximum of strain and stress in the environ ment. For this purpose they selected the Jewish population of Denmark, which is easily divisible into two groups. There is an older group which has been setled in the country ' since Hie middle of the seventeenth century, and a refugee group from / -Ensgia which arrived between 1903 and 1917. The older group was jhv t ang under socially secure conditions with a minimum of stress; the immi grant group had endured danger, had undertaken a flight for life, and had struggled to adjust itself to the new conditions of a foreign land. To ascertain the incidence of arter iosclerosis in these two groups, an investigation was made of their death certificates, as registered by the Jew ish community, from January 1911 to December I960. As there is a close relationship between diabetes and arteriosclerosis, and as Jews are credited with morbidity from diabetes much above the average, our auth ors devote special attention to this disease as a complicating factor in arteriosclerosis. The number of death certificates investigated amounted to 1,461 for members ojt the old Danish Jewish families and 827 for the immigrant group, and these have yielded inter esting information, quite apart from the question of arteriosclerosis. It is particularly noticeable that the im migrant group suffered more from infectious diseases than the older families, and that there was a con spicuously high mortality aljong the children. The maximum incidence of cancer occurred among the immi grant women between the ages of 50 and 65, whereas among the native Jewish women, it was ten years later. No corresponding difference was noted in the male groups. In regard, however, to the prim ary purpose of the research — the incidence to arteriosclerosis — the conclusions are somewhat surprising. In both of the male series, the per centage dying from this disease, within the identical age groups, was the same. But among the immigrant women there was a tendency to con tract arteriosclerosis at an earlier age than those of the old Danish Jew ish families. Presumably_ the^ emo tional strain among the immigrant (Continued at foot of next column.) males and females was similar, but conditions imposed a greater physical stress upon the females. This leasts the authors to the view that physical stress plays a part id the early devel opment of arteriosclerosis, while they consider the influence of emotional strain as doubtful. It is unfortunate, that the book gives no indication of the credentials of the authors. ' [Copyright.]' 