K7(DS[LB ®a®[!S!r DKITAIN'S meat supply position is better than it lias been i oi» several weeks. Output of all types of meat in the UK this year has been greater than in 1351, and is almost back to pre-war tonnage. Ministry of Food officials are confident that the ration will not fall below two shil lings' worth a person a week before November. — (AAP) * * * HEART disease and blood trouble in all forms will be discussed by some of the world's leading physicians at the first congress of the European Society of Cardi ology, beginning., at London University on September 9. An important subject will be surgical treatment for obstruction of the mitral valve inside the heart. — (AAP). \+ * * NEW ZEALAND cruiser, Bellona, has left Malta after a two-day stay during which it was visited by Admiral and Lady Mountbatten. The Admiral surprised everyone by reciting a long Maori poem. — (AAP). * * * SALESMANSHIP and eco nomical running have caused sales of British cars in America to rise by a third, says Mr. Joseph Dud ley, head of the Austin com rjanv in America — (Snenial). lHU'.AM ot a crosschan nel tunnel linking Britain and France has faded some what. The company back Ing the scheme took six minutes to dispose of its business at the 71st annual general meeting.— (AAP). * * * TELEVISION colour ex periments have been de scribed in New York as 'superb.' Colour pictures can be transmitted over existing networks and re ceived in colour by addition of a simply-installed con verter to existing receivers. —(Special). ? * * IMMIGRATION Minister (Mr. Harold Holt) will con tinue talks in London on construc tion of a large oil re finery in Aus tralia by the Anglo - Iran ian Oil Com p a n y. On Thursday he will fly to | Canada t o ' lead the Aus tralian delegation to the Commonwealth Parliamen tary Association conference at Ottawa.— (A.A.P.) * * * NAJAF KHAN, District Superintendent of Police at Rawalpindi, when Pakistani Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan was assassinated last October, has been charged oy the Punjab Government with neglect of security pre cautions, and with ordering the police guard to open tire on the assassin, pre venting his capture alive — (AAP). Mr. Holt Mr. Holt l'KKNCH liner Cap Ttiur ane, with 532 passengers on board, has been taken in tow after developing trouble in the Indian Ocean. The passengers will be trans ferred to another ship in Aden where the Cap Tour ane will be repaired. — (AAP). ? ? * FOUR GIRLS, two Aui trallans, and (tco ISew Znnlnndors, have returned to London ajtcr a 2400 mile tour of England, Scotland, and Wales in a 1934 London taxi they bought for £65. The Australians arr^L'ois Walk late, 25, nurse, and Faith Kramer. 29. — (AAP) * * ? ROYAL New Zealand Air Force squadron advance parties have arrived at Nicosia, Cyprus. The squad ron will reinforce the RAF in the Middle East. It will train on jet fighters with RAF units in Cyprus and visiting squadrons from the canal zone. — (AAP). ?k * * BRITISH expedition to Greenland is not marooned or in serious danger, says a Danish naval radio sta tion. Reports to this effect arose from a misunder standing between amateur wireless operators trans mitting between Greenland and Denmark. — (AAP). ? ? ♦ OLD AGE and other pen sions fund in Britain is moving into the red. The National Insurance Ministry estimates that the fund will nm into debt in 1955 — (Spe- cial). 