ElEHHWW^HEfflj^HEnifllMHiH ROYAL Navy heli copter on Wednesday rescued four of the nrew of the Danish gunboat Havornent (100 tons), which ran aground in fog on a sandbank three miles off Great Yarmouth on Tuesday night. Lifeboats rescued nine others, but as darkness was falling no further rescues were attempted. Two offi cers and 10 ratings are still aboard, but coast guards say the ship is in no immediate danger. * ? * MARSHAL Tito's visit to England next March was being looked forward to by the British Government a Foreign Office spokesman said in London. He said he hoped the Yugoslav Govern ment was aware of this cor diality.— (AAP) * * * THOUSANDS of pilgrims packed Goa, tiny Portu guese outpost on the west coast of India, to see the 400-year-old body of Saint Francis Xavler for the last time before It is shut away torever. Pilgrims filed past ;he shrunken mummified figure and kissed the feet, which protruded from the silver and glass coffin.— (AAP) * * * NEW BREED of cat — one eighth Siamese and seven eighths Persian— was an exhibit at the National Cat Show in London this week. It had the long coat of the Persian with the colouring of the seal pointed Siamese. — (AAP). MR. W. H. Kitson, 65, Agent-General for Western Australia, was admitted to a London hospital in a seri ous condition, following a GRANDMOTHER Bertha Huntlngton, 82,- a licensed jarber, is supervising Walter Severy, 28, in his own jarber shop. Severy, a irainee barber, is required )y Vermont law to serve l800 hours under a licensed jarber.— (AAP) ? * * . CANADA'S migrants stalled 146,236 in the first L0 months of this year, corn Dared with 152,473 in the corresponding months of 1951, the Canadian Immi gration Department an nounced. Monthly totals had been dropping since May and officials said the number of migrants for this year would be less than last year's 195,000.— (AAP) * * * LORD Brabazon, former Transport Minister and vice president of a National Safety First Associa tion. was fined £2 stg on Wed nesday for speeding. Lord Braba son. a pioneer af British aviation and mo t o r i n g, lolds the first jilot's licence Issued by the *oyai Aero uiud. — *.aav) * * * WASHINGTON meeting rf the. 46-country inter national wheat council would open on January 30 instead of January 12, as Driginally scheduled, the United States Agriculture Department has announced. —(AAP) * * * BRAZILIAN Foreign Of fice has suspended for 90 days Brazil's former Minister to Iran, recalled last month at the request of the Iranian Premier (Dr. Mossadeq) , who accused him of meddling in Iranian affairs. The diplo mat is Mr. Hugo Goutier de Oliveira Gondim, one of Lord Brabason Lord Brabason WHISTLE of seven mortar bombs passing over his gar den nursery scared Mr. J. J, Cheeseman, of Shepperton who telephoned the police. After collecting the bombs all dummies— a police in spector found they had been fired from a Dattle scene set of the film 'Red Beret,' the story of British paratroopers' landings in World War II starring Alan Ladd.— (AAP) ? + * GREEK security police arrested six members of an underground Com munist youth movement, who planned to kidnap an airliner and divert it to behind the Iron Cur tain, Athens police head quarters announced. — (AAP) * 4. A POLICE were perfectly lustified in using firearms during riots in the African section of Kimberley on No vember 8, when 11 Africans ere killed and 35 injured, a Cape Province magistrate ound at a combined inquiry nto the riot and inquest on the Africans.— (AAP) ? ? * TWO BROTHERS, 'young ruffians' charged with armed robbery of twe smaller boys, wanted 'some- body who would give then a thundering good beating,1 the Lord Chief Justici (Lord Goddard) said at th- Old Bailey. Committing th- boys, 17-year-old , Johi Cowell, and his brothe: Donald, 14, to* the reforn school, Lord Goddard said I suppose they wen Drought up to be treated liki lttle darlings and tucked ui in bed at night.'— (AAP) MR. HUGH Gaitskell, Chancellor of the Exche quer in the last Labour Government, told the Rotary Club of London that he still hoped that with Mr. Eisenhower as American President, Britain would be able to convert what had been a 'rich uncle, poor nephew' relationship into a more solid partner ship.— (AAP) * ? .* SOCIAL committee of the General Assembly has re commended to nations ad ministering nonselfgovern ing territories to report 'vol- untarily' on the political progress of peoples under their care. The resolution, opposed by Britain, Austra lia, and other administering nations, was supported by the Communist group and most Asian and Latin American nations. — (AAP) * * * GREEK national, Mr. Con stantin Stavropoulos, 47, has been appointed principal director of the United Nations legal department to succeed Mr. Abraham Feller who committed suicide re cently. He has held a' number of diplomatic Jobs for the Greek Government.— (AAP) * + * TANGIER police now hold three Dutchmen in custody, and have asked the nations borderiag the Mediterranean to arrest at least eight other men for an act of piracy on the high seas— the alleged armed robbery of the Dutch coaster Combinatie (249 tons). An International Mixed Tribunal will hear any cases brought against them.— (AAP) 