S7®3iLS WMMEmf B^mW^SmWMmSS§m?(^SJmSmmMiBSSW!sBB^ QANTAS Empire Air ways might discon tinue its weekly Sky master service between Singapore and Sydney, via Cocos Island and Perth, after the next flight, leaving Singa pore to-day. Reasons given officially yesterday were heavy com mitments of Skymasters next year for the carriage of troops between Australia and Korea, and high airline charges.— (AAPi * * * SERVANTS fought furi ously to keep out 70 baboons which raided the holiday home at Hermanus (South Africa) of Mr. T. P. M. Sop with, millionaire designer and chairman of the Hawker-Siddeley aviation companies. They threw stones at the invaders, but the baboons retaliated by tearing tiles from the roof and throwing them back. — (AAP) * * * AMERICAN Federation of Labour, with a mem bership of 8 million, has pledged its full co operation with President elect Eisctihotcer and the Republican Congress in 1953.— (AAP) * * * SIX MEMBERS of the same section of a Commun st terrorist regiment have surrendered to police in the Vtersing area of Johore, Vlalaya. Two of them arose ;arly one morning, relieved their companions of their veapons and persuaded them ;o give themselves up. — (AAP) * * * ACCIDENTS on United States highways over the Christmas holidays had claimed 339 lives up to Sat urday, and it appeared that a record for traffic fatalities would be set. One person was dying in a traffic acci dent every 10 minutes. — (AAP) * * ' * JAPANESE National Social Welfare Commission has reported that there are 450,000 prostitutes in Japan. Feminine population of Japan is about 43,390,000 — (AAP). * * * A PEDLAR, aged 80, who died in a workhouse at Geneva was found to have hidden in his bed more than 100,000 Swiss francs (about £835).— (AAP) ( VOICE of America, United States radio service at Munich, reported that new air raid shelters are being built in Budapest especially for top Communist officials. The radio added that con struction had been disguised as part of a municipal subway building plan.— (AAP) * * * UNITED STATES Atomic Energy Commission spokes man said yesterday that ? expendable' structures were being built at the Nevada atomic proving grounds, near Las Vegas, Nevada. He refused to say if the structures would form a dummy town to test the effects of an atomic blast. — (AAP) ? * * POPE PIUS Xn. for the first time In his 14 years in of fice, on Sat urday night iRft h i s V a t i can palace t o attend a :oncert. H e was hon ouring the Master of the Pope's Music, Maestro Lorenzo Perosi.— (AAP) * * ? TINY Michael Emmanuel Garrett yesterday was rest ing peacefully in Angelus Hospital, Los Angeles, as a result of the courage dis played by his incurably ill mother. The infant was born three days ago in a caesarean operation. The mother, Mrs. Jean Garrett, 27, suffering from Hodgkins disease, knew that giving birth to the child would shorten her life, if she sur vived at all. Hospital re ports are that both are in good condition.— (AAP^ CLAUD1S LWGIER, French expert safe breaker ivho boasted no French jail could hold him, tpns recaptured on Saturday after escaping from prison for the 18th time. Liogier was serv ing a 20-year sentence for robbing the treasures of Rheims Cathedral. — (AAP) * * * CARDINAL designate. Carlo Agostini, Patriarch of Venice, died yesterday, aged 64\. He was one of 24 digni taries recently named by the Pope for elevation to rank )f cardinal. — (AAP) CHINESE Communist guards, with sub-machine guns, yesterday released '55- year- old American priest, Father Joseph P. McGimm, at the Hong Kong border, clad only in an old sweater and tattered pants. He had been in a. Communist jail at Lintaan, Kwangtung Pro vince, since January 3. — (AAP) * * * VIENNA, once the thriving capital of a great empire, would be in danger of dying out were it not for the immigrants . tvho come from Austria's outer provinces. Ttcice as many people die each year as are born in Vienna, and the average age of thr population is steadily rising ? (AAP) * * * WORLD COUNCIL of Churches central committee n Geneva, has decided to lold its annual meeting in ^sia for the first time, at Lucknow. India, from De cember 31 to January 9. More than 100 representa tives from Protestant Churches in all the con tinents will meet.— (AAP) ? * * DANISH Parliament has before it a bill to allow the treasured manuscripts of Did Icelandic sagas to be re turned to Iceland. The bill stresses that all other similar manuscripts in Danish, Norwegian or Swed ish should be retained.— (AAP) ?* ? * DUTCH POLICE and Foreign Ministry officials drew veils of secrecy over Soviet journalist Lev Con sTantfhovich Pissarev, who was due to face a prelimin ary court hearing on Satur day on spy charges. Offi cials refused to disclose whether the hearing took place. — (AAP) ? * * JOHN MARTIN, 23, of Lindfield, Sydney. might not have been killed in a fall on Scafell, in the Lakes District, England, last Thursday if he had been wearing proper boots, the Cumberland Coroner found. He said Martin was wear ing unstudded, ordinary lea ther shoes.— (AAP) Pope Pius Pope Pius 