The Passing Show Storwawray SYDNEY, Tues.-A Danish family stayed aboard the liner Castle Pelice when she berthed at Circular Quay today because the wife was a stowaway. Mr. I. P. Thomsen, a glazier from Copenhagen, is migrating to Auckland with his son, James, aged one. He said that the ar rangement was made that his wife, Inga, would follow after he was established in New Zealand, but four days out of Genoa, where the voyage began, Mrs. Thomsen was found. "She bad stowed away in my cabin and I did not see her," Mr. Thomsen said today. When they reached Australia the immigration authorities al lowed father and son to land, but stopped Mrs. Thomsen. All had transit visas and the fares to New Zealand of father and son had beenpaid. Regulations prevented her from landing in Australia be cause of the possibility that she might be a charge on the State. Later officials of the Danish Consulate interviewed her and gave the necessary guarantees. She was then allowed to land. Seamen Ashore ADELAIDE, Tues.-Seamen don't "hit the bottle" the way they used to, according to the Rev. Cvril Brown, general super intendent of the Missions to Sea men. He is making a tour of missions in Australia, New Zealand and the East. Mr. Brown said that improved conditions for seamen in ships was reflected in the behaviour and outlook of the men. 'In the old days, ships were often more than uncomfortable, and when seamen went ashore they would go mad," he said. "They could hardly be blamed." Mr. Brown said that there was still a great need among seamen for things which could not be bought. There was not the sop port for the mission thatipeople i gave it in wartime. Sherlock Holmes NEW YORK, Thes--Chris topher Morley, the author, claims that he has found the birthplace of Sherlock Holmes. Mr. Morley, in a tongue-in cheek interview, said he found the very spot-a house in York shire-during a motor trip in England. Mr. Morley said he was not ggusaredto give many details, use he planned to write an article about his discovery for the Baker- street Irregulars, an informal organisation devoted to the writings of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. But he was convinced this was the house, he saidd because a bathtub was being installed there for the first time. This was proof, because it had never been recorded by Sir Arthur that either Holmes or Dr. Watson ever took a bath.-A.A.P. Happy Event? LONDON, Tuem-Ivy, mother of the world's most famous bear, Brumas, set the London Zoo buzzing with excitement yester day. Three years ago Ivy gave birth to Brurnas, the only survi vor of 22 Polar bears born at the zoo. Now Ivy has prepared a new straw nest in her den, a sure sign that another offspring is due within a day or two. Reuters. Jeep Needed GINGIN, Tues.-Mr. H. Hor ton, of Gingin, tells this week's best authentic fish yarn. Fishing at Lancelin Island today with a 311b. line he hooked a fish which he and his companions played for five and a half hours. Their united efforts were unequal to the task of pulling the fish up on the beach and they were able to do so only with the assistance of a jeep. Their catch-an enormous stingray-proved to be over lOft. long and weighed some 3501b., The tail is being exhi bited in Gingin. 