BEAUDESERT C.W.A. y JOTTINGS 1 (CONTRIBUTED) 1 Last Wednesday was our monthly = meeting day and it was indeed a s very special meeting, for we had as z our guest Mrs. Berry, who was our s International member for 1950-51. g Just on fifty ladies attended the s meeting. Kerry, Canungra, Rath- : downey, Innisplains, Hillview and s WonglepOng branches were well re- presented. . , " j Mrs, R. Brabazon (president) pre- - sided and opened the meeting with ; the Motto. This was followed by the : National Anthem and The Creed, : the accompanist being Mrs. R. F. : Davis. A minute's silence was ob- served in honour of our late King. : Mrs. Brabazon then introduced : Mrs. Berry. : Mrs. Berry opened her address by : congratulating Beaudesert branch ; on their very nice rest room, adding : that on her last visit to the town the building was just having the ; roof attached. She continued with : greetings from our State President, : Mrs. Roberts, and then briefly. : touched on the passing of our late : King. Mrs. Berry had visited thir- : teen different countries whilst she : was abroad attending the world con- ference which was held at Copen- : hagen. She stayed in some of the : grandest homes and some of the : humblest homes, and was able to : give a true picture of life in other : countries. Whilst in London she : lived on the ration just as the "or- : dinary rank and file did. Meat ra- : tion was then 1/8 worth of meat a : week (it is now 1/5). They were : allowed two slices of tinned corned : meat, whieh cost 2d., 2 eggs, lb. but- : ter, bacon and margarine, i lb. cook- : ing fat,, i lb. of tea and sugar. Tur- : key eggs were not rationed but cost : 2/6 each. Fish was plentiful and : very nice. A frozen rabbit from Aus- tralia was 5/- but was truly dread- : ful to eat. An English rabbit cost 13/9; these were tame and were de- : licious to eat. But the English people ; never growl, and have a wonderful : sense of humour. j Mrs. Berry gave a wonderful de- : scription of the markets, and the : slums of London. One Can hardly imagine there are such places in the : world today. Wages in England are j not nearly as high as they are here. : A farm hand receives £4 a week and a railway or other employee re- ; ceives £55 per week. ; " And so from London Mrs. Berry took us in imagination to Edin burgh. The journey was made in the Flying Scot, a truly marvellous train where you have everything that a traveller could dream of. Here she attended a party given by the Australian C.W.A. to 200 old ladies, and wns entertained by the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress. Then she went to Ireland, where, at the moment there is not any. link with the Country Woman of Aus tralia. Her next visit was to Hol land and it was indeed good to hear of the beautiful farms and the en ormous homes with the barns at tached to the homes. These' barns even have window curtains, and the whole place kept as clean as a new pin-. Mrs. Berry was made very welcome in Holland and as it was just about the time that our Govern ment had decided to allow Dutch immigrants into Australia an Australian was a very welcome guest. She assured us that she was quite certain that the Dutch immi grants would make excellent citizens, in Australia, as they were first class farmers and the women marvelous home- workers. Switzerland was the next country to be visited. This was the most beautiful land she had ever seen, but here Mrs. Berry found the folk less interested in the Country Women's organizations than in any other place. And so on to the conference which was held -In'- the Danish. house of Parliment, where 700 women rep resenting 28 nations of the world met. This was when one felt that the first steps were being taken to bring about World Peace, and that the door was being opened for dem ocracy as we , have it, bringing to gether five and a half million women working in the one way and for the one object. Mrs. Berry concluded by thanking the Q.C.W.A. for giving her the honour of being their rep resentative and so enabling her to make this wonderful trip. With charm and ability such as Mrs. Berry has, one was not surprised to learn that the Dutch organization had asked permission to nominate her as the" Worlds representative at the coming elections. A vote of thanks was moved by Mrs. Brabazon for Mrs. Berry's splendid address. This was sup ported by Mrs. Campbell, Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Williams and Mrs. C. Ferguson and was carried by acclamation. A small souvenir of Beaudesert was presented to the guest of honour. At Mie uuijuiubiuii ui Liiu meet/lug i luncheon was served by the Beau- drsert ladies. It was really a lovely ' lunch and we do sincerely thank all ! the ladies that brought along such beautiful cakes etc. J Mrs. Berry returned to Brisbane i at 2 p.m., and we then held our 1 monthly meeting. Apologies were re- c rived from Mesdames W. Walker, , C. Kucks, J. Ducat and R. Williams, i Mrs. Brabazon welcomed a new i member, Mrs. Bradshaw. J 1 Correspondence was read by the ! secretary and dealt with and the , i financial statement was read by the i i treasurer. Receipts for the month i i £2, expenditure £4/6/7, leaving a cr. J balance of £243/0/1. J i The president reminded all mem- 1 1 bers that the annual yearly mem- j J bership fees were due, adding that , with a little special effort we may i i be able to win the rose bowl for the i i third time and thus have it for our 1 very own, so now ladies it's up to you all to help. The two weddings J in the near future were discussed and all arrangements attended to. It was decided to hold a card ' 1 party in April in aid of the Scouts and the Guides, as. promised some i time ago. ' Mrs. Burnett, hospital visitor, re- | ported she had done two years ser- J vice with 103 visits. She said she i loved the work and hoped to carry r on. A hearty clap was given her. 1 The secretary suggested we have a competition at our next meeting; i she would provide the prize, This is i as follows: The lady who can get i the most articles into a safety | match box wins. All must be differ ent of course. , This concluded the meeting and i afternoon tea was served. 