WEDDINGS CELEBRATED Marshall-Stewart THE long tulle veil worn by Dulcie Mavis Stewart at her wedding on Saturday to Lawrence Marshall was embroidered with true lov- ers' knots, and her gown was of lace over taffeta. The bride, who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Stewart, Fairburn, Wink- leigh, wore lace mittens be- neath small puffed sleeves, and carried a bouquet of arum lilies, white gladioli and gypsophila. White taffeta dresses and picture hats, trimmed re- spectively with pink and blue lace, were worn by the bridesmaids, Misses D. Sew- ard and G. Hay. The two junior attendants were Lyn- ette Saltmarsh and Bruce Porter. Attending the groom, who is the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Mar- shall, Melbourne, were Messrs. W. Baird and A. Stewart. Mr. C. Ashley was usher. The ceremony, performed by the Rev. C. W. Auldist at St. Andrew's, Launceston, was followed by a reception at the home of Mr. and Mrs. L. Fulford, My St. After a honeymoon in Melbourne Mr. and Mrs. Marshall will settle in Launceston. Hayes-Medcraft PATERSON ST. Methodist Church, Launceston, was Four of the five members of a Danish immigrant farn ily were burned to death pn Saturday when fire destroy ed their home at Charles ton, Nova Scotia. the setting for the wedding of Josephine, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Medcraft, George St., to Ralph Hayes. The Rev. G. D. Brimacombe performed the ceremony. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a classic gown of deep cream satin with an Elizabethan collar and long train. A coronet of orange blossom held in place the long tulle veil, and she carried a trail of lilies and gardenias. Mrs. J. S. Carey and Misses J. Richards and J. Hayes at tended the bride, wearing dresses of mauve, pink and green organdie respectively. Annette Spurr was flower girl, Helen Carey cushion bearer and Robert Medcraft page boy. The bridegroom, who is the son of Mrs. E. Pritchard, Cressy, was attended by Messrs. J. Burford, 0. Med craft and R. Frankcombe. A reception was held at the home of the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Hayes will live at Cressy. Snadden-Baker C HANTILLY lace over tulle and satin fashioned the gown worn by Wilma Rae, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Baker, Branx holm, when she married William McEwan, son of Mr. and Mrs. R. Snadden, Leslie St., Launceston. The Rev. W. L. Morgan performed the ceremony at St. John's Church, after which guests were enter tained at the I3ranxholm Hall. The full skirt of the bri dal gown fell from a nipped waistline and extended to a long train. Her long tulle veil was mounted on a coro net of. orange blossom, and Christmas lilies and roses. Misses Nancy Baker and Beryl Woodberry w e r e bridesmaids, wearing identi cal frocks of lemon and mauve lace over taffeta and carrying bouquets of lemon gladioli. Pam Saunders was flower-girl and Billy Stevens cushion-bearer. Messrs. K. Hosken and A. Budgeon attended the bride groom. Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Snad den, who are spending their honeymoon on the North West Coast, will live in Meredith Cres., Launceston. 