Move For Repeal Of U.S. Security Law By A STAFF CORRESPONDENT IN NEW YORK America's controversial McCarran Internal Security Act has barred so many eminent scientists and other intellec- tuals from the United States in recent months that pressure is growing in Washington for its modification or repeal. It was because of the provisions of the McCarran Act that the State Department last year failed to grant the necessary entry permit to Professor M. L. Oliphant, Professor of Nuclear Physics at the Australian National University, Canberra, in time for him to attend an important meeting in Chicago. STATE Department offi- cials admit that the United States' prestige abroad is being damaged by the application of the Act. The recent case of the famous British author, Graham Greene, has served to inten- sify opposition to the Act des- pite the fact that Mr. Greene was eventually granted a special dispensation to enter the country after first being denied permission. The Government acted quickly when it became obvious that t*he vision of the novelist as a threat to American security was too absurd.to stand up before Ameri- can public opinion. Mr. Greene's only sin was that as an Oxford undergraduate in 1923 hes became a member of the British Com- munist Party for four weeks, as "a prank." ' Many Complaints A deluge of complaints from foreign embassies m Washing- ton has descended on the Gov- ernment. Embassy officials have been outspoken in making clear that liberals throughout the world are shocked by the manner in which renowned and respected people have been denied entry visas without explanation. Some dip- lomats have privately expressed the belief that the international publicity arising from the situa- tion has been providing Russia with perfect propaganda about America's own "iron curtain." The McCarran Act-or Anti Communist Act as it is also called-was passed overwhelm- ingly by the House and Senate in September, 1950, over the ob- jections of President Truman. Two days later, the President vetoed the Act and sent a 5,000 word message to Congress ex- plaining why. This message was one of the most emphatic and fervent state- ments ever written by the Presi- dent, who said that the law would not hurt the Communists, but would help them, that it would actually weaken the exist- ing internal security measures and "make a mockery of the Bill of Rights and of our claims to stand for freedom in the world." The veto was applauded by many influential newspapers, by numerous church leaders and by officials of the American Federa- tion of Labour who said they considered the Act a terrible mistake. Nevertheless, Congress promptly overrode President Truman's veto and the Act be- came law. It was aimed almost entirely at the Communists, although under its provisions Nazis and Fascists could also be excluded. Among other things, it required the registration of Communiât organisations and forbade the employment of Communists in defence work. The section dealing with aliens was designed primarily to exclude subversive elements from the country, but it also excluded members affiliated at any time with totalitarian groups, and anyone whose presence in the country would not appear to be in the interests of security. The Congressional passage of the legislation could not be de- scribed as panicky or hurried. Congressional committees had in- vestigated for nearly three years what laws could be enacted to deal with the Communist menace and had abandoned the idea of outlawing the Communist Party after warnings that such a step would only drive them under- ground. . The bill that emerged came from the Senate Judiciary Com- mittee, headed by Senator Pat McCarran, after whom the Act was named. Even Senator McCarran ad- mitted after the new law was applied that it was "harsher" than he had expected. Within 24 hours of its enactment, hun- dreds of travellers en route to the United States were ordered to return to their homelands and get their visas reconsidered. Celebrities Barred Many failed to obtain new visas and scores who had already been in the United States were deported. The great majority ad- mitted that they had joined "youth movements" at one time or other in Italy, Germany, or Spain, but protested that it was involuntary membership. World figures who have been denied permission to enter the United States include Dr. Ernst Chain, Nobel Prize winner and co-discoverer of penicillin, Pro- fessor Adolf Petersen, the noted Danish scholar, Michael Polanyi, a prominent British educator, and Professor Vallarta, Mexican atomic physicist. Under pressure of public pro- tests, Congress last year amended tile McCarran Act to permit the entry of persons who had been members of Nazi or Fascist or- ganisations under the age of 16 or had been forced to join to get food or work. This amendment lifted the bar- rier for an estimated 50,000 Europeans who had been await- ing a chance to make their home in America. It did not, how- ever, remove many other strin- gent provisions of the Act, under which eminent scientists and others have been compelled to abandon plans for attending im- portant meetings in the United States. The "New York Times," re- ferring to the difficulty encoun- tered by Graham Greene in meet- ing the non-Communist test re- quired, declared that it illustrated "to what depths of puerility our immigration laws have been allowed to sink- the rigid bar- riers set up have played directly into the hands of our enemies." Representative Emanuel Celler, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, has announced that it is his intention to study pos- sible amendments to the Act in order "to give it some semblance of decency and sense." Some members of Congress who voted for the measure in 1950 probably will throw their weight behind Mr. Celler's at- tempt, on the ground that the Act "punishes more severely than was originally believed to be necessary." Adamant Senator Senator McCarran and his sup- porters, however, are remaining adamant in the face of criticism. Their answer to critics is that ostensibly harmless political asso- ciations have sometimes turned out later to be real associations in "conspiratorial Communism." They also argue that a test of a few months is not sufficient to give the Act a fair trial, that the control of subversion is admit- tedly a complicated and difficult process, and that all such efforts fundamentally have to be on a basis of trial and error. These answers are proving far from satisfactory, however, to scientific, cultural, and other groups in the United States. Unless the McCarran Act is re- pealed or modified in time, for instance, for the International Congress of Psychology, which is expected to have 2,000 delegates, the congress will be held either in Canada or Brazil. The International Astronomic Union and Joint Commission for Spcctroscopy has already decided to transfer its meeting place from the United States to Italy, and the International Red Cross Con- vention will be held in Canada later this year instead of the United Slates because it is feared that some delegates from abroad might encounter visa difficulties if the convention is held in New York. Even the UNESCO conference of the Freedom of Artists has abandoned plans to meet in the United States. 