FOUR YEARS AT SEA Kalgoorlie Man Has Travelled Widely VISITED MOST COUNTRIES John Francis Whitely (24), of Hanbury street, Kalgoorlie. has visited at least 15 countries during his four years at sea. At present he is spending a fortnight with his family before starting once again on a further career of adventure that has already taken him to Ceylon, India, Java, Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Israel, Spanish Morocco, Canada, the United Sbates of America. Venezuela, Columbia, the Dutch West Indies and Cuba. Mr. whitely's first taste of the sea was a period of service on phosphate ships flying the Danish flag and plying between Fremantle and Christmas Island. After two years on this run he joined the Panamanian ship Liguriathe day before she made history by being arrested at Fremantle. Later he sailed with the ship to Colombo, where the Liguria's name was changed to Corsica, and from there proceeded to ports of call i n Egypt. Greece, Prance and French Morocco. The vessel took 700 immigrants from the last three countries to Canada and the United States. On arrival at New York the owners of the ship anpounced their inability^ to pay the crew because of lack of funds. However, the crew went went on strike until they were paid in full following strong representations by the National Maritime Union of America. The Corsica then sailed up tile Hudson River to Albany, capital of New York State, where Mr. Whitely paid off the ship and took a train back to New York. He remained there for three months, during which he took on various part-time jobs. He then joined a 32,000-ton super tanker, which flew the Liberian flag, remaining with the vessel for nine months, during which he visited •various ports on the east coast of North and South America. On his return to New York he paid off the ship and again spent three months ashore working at a spice factory in downtown Manhattan. Tired of living ashore he signed on the • Henrietta Szold, an Israeli ship, and visited in turn Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in Canada, Spanish Morocco and Turkey. Half-way across the Atlantic the ship's carpenter died and was buried at sea. A call at the Black Sea port of Zonguldak brought Mr. Whitely within 120 miles of the Russian border. After loading a cargo of iron ore from a tiny port on the Sea of Marmara and another port along the Greek coast the vessel sailed for Baltimore. It next called at Cardenas and Mariel in Cuba, where it took on sugar for New Orleans, Philadelphia and New York. From New York the ship sailed direct to Haifa with general cargo. Because of the Israeli Government's- scheme to replace foreign crews by Israeli seamen Mr. Whitely was paid off by the company at Haifa and subsequently returned to Australia by air at the company's expense. Prior to his departure for home from Haifa Mr. Whitely went on an extensive tour 'of Israel, which included visits to Sodom. Nazareth, Tel-Aviv, Jerusalem (new city), Bethlehem and Beersheba. He also visited the Dead Sea and spent a whole day at a community centre called a "kibbutz," which is run on ultra-Socialist lines by the Mapai — the Israeli counterpart of the Labour Party. On the journey to Austra lia Mr, Whitely stayed a couple of days at Calcutta. There he saw the heroes of the Everest conquest, Sir Edmund Hillary and Tensing Bhutia, and the leader, Sir John Hunt Mr. Whitely finds Kalgoorlie very quiet after his adventurous life abroad. He intends joining another ship at the end of his brief holiday to see more of the world. 