n^nniiBiiHniim TWO men and two women have been awarded fellowships of the British Memorial Fund, with head quarters in Melbourne. They are:— Agriculture: Miss Mary D. Thomas, 28. Virology: Dr. N. P. L. Wildy, 32\. Natural Science: Made line C. Walters, 27. Indus trial research: Robert M. McCleery, 25. Each will receive an award of £A1000, and they will leave London for Australia on the Himalaya on February 24 — (AAP). ? ? * JOHN FORD was awarded the Screen Directors' Guild's 1952 annual award in Holly wood for 'directional excel lence' for his work in 'The Quiet Man.'— (AAP) ? ? ? TEXAN Alvin Robert Rogers, 35, who crossed' the Pacific Ocean five years ago in a 25-foot ketch, now plans to sail round the world from St Petersburg, Florida, in an 18-foot outboard motor 'boat, -(AAP) ? * ? NEW ZEALANDER, Mr. E. Brown grew a 261b cabbage in hit. garden at Waitara. It had a cir cumference of 10 feet 3 inches. — (AAP) ^ W 7* SOUTH KOREAN National Assembly has appealed to the United Nations and the United States to make good a 4,200,000 million won (£233 million sterling) deficit in the 1953-54 budget.— (AAP) ? ? * GIRL, aged 3, wandered for three days and nights on a precipitous mountain near Rustenburg, South Africa, without food or water. But she showed little effect of her ordeal after a few days in hospital.— (AAP) ?? * * EUROPE'S first coal pipe line near Luenen, north west Germany, will move 1000 tons of cdal daily. It will connect the mine with an electricity works two and a half miles away.— (AAP) * ? * GENERAL RIDGWAY has denied rumours that he in tends to resign as NATO commander.— (AAP) PILOTLESS Jet target planes used for firing prac tice could be landed safely and re-used if tail para chutes were employed, the Ryan 'Aeronautical Company said in San Diego (Califor nia), announcing the devel opment of a new 'let- down' method.— (AAP) UNITED STATES tanker fleet now totalled 447 ships, af 6,743,000 deadweight tons, a decline of 10 ships and 34,000 deadweight tons since January 1, 1952, the National Federation of American Shipping reported.— (AAP) ALUMINIUM aircraft Hangar recently completed it the De Havilland works near London has a span of 200ft, and comfortably ac commodates six or seven of Lhe Comet airliners.— (Spe- cial) ? * * JAPAN'S Crown Prince Akihito, following a dio Akihito Akihito gramme de signed t o prepare him for his Coro nation visit t o Britain, watched pro ceedings i n the Japanese Diet yester day. Opposi tion mem bers were questio n i n g cne tremier (Mr. xosmaa; about his policies ? for the year.— (AAP) ? * ? TERYLENE, the British wonder fabric, is to be made at the rate of 11 million lb a year in a £10 million sterl ing plant, which will be operating in about two years time at Wilton, England.— (Special) . . ? * ? THIEF who took 100,000 dollars (£A44,600) worth of jewellery from a New York subway locker on Sunday left more thon half of it in a bus terminal locker, the key for' which was found in a police call' box ? (AAP) ? ? * ' TUG BOAT and. oil barge crews stopped work on Sun day in a wage dispute that held up a major part of New York's shipping yester day Tugboat workers at Norfolk and Philadelphia also struck. — (AAP) w w w MILL for making news print from N sugar cane bagasse, the fibrous residue remaining after the sugar nas been extracted, is to be built at Lockport. Louisiana. — (AAP). ? * * COMMUNIST PARTY ol India would soon launch a reorganisation movement in a bid to prepare the party as an alternative to the country's ruling political party, tne Indian National CbngresB. Mr. MuzaffRr Ahmed, member of thp Politbureau, said in Calcutta —(AAP) UNKNOWN motorist ran over Stefano Conba, 59, in Turin, and laid his uncon scious body on nearby rail way tracks. Police thus ex plained the finding of . a body cut to pieces by a pass ing train.— (AAP) ? + * FORMER United States Vice-President (Mr. Alben Barkley) made his debut in Washingtop on Sunday night as a television news commentator. Mr. Barkley. aged 75, showed signs of nervousness.— (AAP) TWENTIETH Century Fox Films is to convert its entire production to a sys tem, known as -a cinema scope, which makes colour films appear to have a third dimension on screens 21 times the size of those now used. — (AAP) * ??? . ? MIGRANTS were . not properly 'colour-conscious,' the South African Mine workers' Union general secretary (Mr. D. Ellis) said in Capeto.wn. Many immi grants regarded the African as a comrade.— (AAP) ? * ? WATCH REPAIRER in Madras has invented a square-faced clock showing the phases of the moon, in addition to minutes and hours GMT and American standard time. The clock also shows the date and the month.— (AAP) * * * DANISH child experts are studying children's reactions ;o films by means of infra 'ed cameras which record heir reactions while watch ng the pictures. They think ;hat adult films may have harmful psychological ef fects on children.— (AAP) FIVE SEAMEN from a Jnlted States tanker in Honolulu w«re Jailed for try ng to kill Raymon Mitchel ;ree, 32, who was charged vith the murder of another seaman, the FBI reported.— ? * * KENYA'S Central Arab Association, now fighting to mite all 25,000 Arabs in the wlony, has announced as a irst step the building in wombasa of a community la' ,andra £11.000 sterling block of flats.— (AAP) 