FLOOD PERIL EASES IN U.K., HOLLAND All-Out Bid To Secure Battered Seawalls Australian Associated Press A nd Our Special Representative LONDON, February 6. Fhe first signs of relief from further flood devastation ap* i peared in Britain and Holland this morning when both' countries reported no more dykes and seawalls , breached! diiririor \\\c\o iiinrlit ' ?- The danger is not yet over, however, and thousands of troops and civilians are working day and night to build up de-' fences against high spring tides due in 10 days. It is estimated that 350 gaps remain to be filled in Britain, while dykes 'in Holland have been breached hi 150 places. The official deathroll now stands at 1,598 — Holland, 1,320; Britain, 264; and Bel gium 14. Fifty police today began a house-to-house search for bodies on Canvey Island, where the deathroll is so far 47. Canvey Island, once Lon don's nearest holiday resort, is now desolated. A number of islanders is missing, and the water is still high enough to impede the search. Snowstorms and bliz zards are now sweeping across many parts of the Continent. Moscow had its coldest day of the winter yesterday when a cold wave from Siberia enveloped the city. The temperature drop ped to 57.6 degrees below freezing point. Parts of Scandinavia are blanketed by 7-ft. falls of snow. Parts of Norway had the coldest night this winter. Drevsjoe, near the Swedish frontier, had a 75 degrees frost. In Stockholm, the worst snowstorm for 30 years is causing chaos. Drifts 3 ft deep 'paralysed traffic. The city's new under ground railway has broken down and cars, trams and buses are halted. Many mountain roads in Western Germany are im passable and the danger of avalanches has increased. In the Central Harz Moun tains whole herds of deer have been found dead from starvation. Rescuers in Holland today found more survivors cling ing to roofs, trees and on Boating debris. Some had been driven mad by their ordeal. Many villagers are still ' marooned in top floors or attics a foot or two above floodwaters. Amazing escapes are be ing recorded. An 80year old man left behind in the rush from an evacuated ' farm, was later found safely floating on a mattress. A Red Cross girl found a baby a few months old floating in a wooden cot. The child is recovering. OMatimg Steps are being taken to arrange billeting and money for flood victims. A depot is being estab hshed for gifts of furniture required when victims are rehoused. The Norwegian Govern ment has offered prefabri cated houses for the British homeless, Prance has offered engineers and other offers of aid have been received from the Belgian, Swiss and Dan ish Governments British National Farmer Union oSciak plan to seek adyice from Holland on re claiming Britain's flooded agricultural land where salt water has seeped desp into the earth. Kent farmers report that 30,000 acres are under water, including 16,000 acres of ar able land and 4,000 acres of orchard land. In addition, 10,000 sheep and 1,200 cattle were lost raid cattle are still dying after drinking salt water. GYDKLY, February 6. The Lord Mayor of New Castiv (Alderm. n D. Purdue) ivs rslxd lhv Immigration Department to invite Dutch iloci v'i^ui .-? to settle in Ne\ crsil . Today, n j 'urotc to tht De partment or Immigration, sujseatms tin hr invita tion ohoulc! bs conveyed to the Dutch Government. CANBEPX ? , Teh. G.— The Goveruor-Gc .::1 (Cu Y/il ham lucKell) h-r received a telegram iio - ''r „ - Juliana of the I J1 _ -i j thanlunj the ? -i r people for theii _ c sympathy. 