,,... From. Evei*ywKei&c;^ 'MUST iMBT NOW'' REVELATIONS tof the racket in the illegal entry of Chinese into Aus tralia need urgent Minis terial action. Yet the peripatetic Immigration Minister (Mr. Holt) throws his hands in the air in much the same way as he did when as Minis ter for Labour and Indus try he Eaid he could- do nothing about pruning the Civil Service. Mr. Holt has to do something about this in flux of Chinese. His Im migration Department is under grave suspicion. Each week Chinese appear before the courts with faked permits. And these faked permits have been issued from, and stamped m, the Immigration De partment. Does not that mean anything to Mr. Holt ? He says the Government has not changed its policy of admitting Chinese under exemptions into Australia. This shows a supine indif ference to Australia's conception of our vital White Australia policy. In view of the scandal associated with the Chinese racket, it is time the Government changed its policy, over hauled the whole, system of pertnits, and got rid of all Chinese now illegally in Australia. All permits in force should be re viewed at once. — Sydney «Dai# Mirror,' Septem ber 28, 1953. ♦ * * EGGS 84. EACH TTP again go the prices ^ of eggs. In most of the country yesterday they, were 7 id. each, but in parts of South Wales top-quality eggs cost 8d. each. Grocers there be lieve the price will soon be 8 id. each, and the manager of a large grocery store in Manches ter forecast: 'If the short age continues the price may rise to lOd.' The steep increase began three weeks ago, and eggs are now from 1/6 to 21- a dozen dearer than they were then. A Manchester Co-op, re ported that because of the prices most people are 'either buying half their normal quantity of 'Grade A7 *ggs, a-x else buying Danish at 6id. One reason for the price rise is the usual fall-off in laying at this season. But this year there is no £22 million egg subsidy. The Government stopped that in March when it de controlled eggs. Part of the shortage is being caused because mil lions of eggs are not reaching the packing stations. Poultrykeepers are selling eggs to casual customers at higher prices than they get from pack ing stations, but lower than the shop prices.— London 'Daily Herald,' August 11, 1953. 