Danish Beauty Queen' Ordered Out of U.S. WORliD NEWS IN BRIEF , LOS- ANGELES.-rMrs. Greta Thypen, " Miss Denmark " of 1951, was ordered , to leave the United States within 10 days by the Acting Director of Immigration (Mr. Albert del Guer- cio). The Immigration official said she had over-stayed her visitor's permit in this country and also had violated immigra tion laws by working in motioti pictures and television. MADRAS. — The State Go vernment has declined to take delivery of 8227 tons of Australian sorghum (millet) in which poisonous datura seeds have been found until assured it is fit for human consumption. HONG KONG.— Mr. Arn old Mononutu, Indonesian Ambassador - designate to Peking, said on arrival here that his Government's policy toward China was "one of good will and friendship especially to ' neighboring States." He will cross the frontier into China on his way to Peking after staying one week in Hong Kong. NEW YORK.— The Sec retary of the Treasury (Mr. George Humphrey) said that declines in busi ness profits were "nothing-' to shiver , about." De creased corporation earn- . ings only meant that "competition b e c omes more keen," Mr. Hum phrey said, and "this great nation can con tinue. to -vavoid inflation without going into reces sion' and" resulting large- scale unemployment;' TEHERAN. — An army court martial gave Dr. Mos- sadeq five days to name his defence lawyer. " Informed sources said the former Prime Minister told the mes senger who took the court order to him, "I shall defend myself." TROYES (Eastern France) . — Police throughout France are searching for six dangerous criminals who es caped from Clairvaux prison through a skylight. They had been serving sentences ranging from 20 years hard labor to life imprisonment for murder and armed rob bery. BERLIN.— East Germany and Communist China are to exchange Ambassadors, it has been officially an nounced by both coun tries. Their respective xdjplomatic missions are to be raised to the rank of embassies "in the endeavor further to strengthen and to develop the friendly political, economic and cultural co operation between the Ger man Democratic Republic and the, People's Republic of China." ' LONDON:— The Queen has decided that Remem brance day i oill be observ ed this year on November 11\. . Remembrance day, anniversary of the armi stice of World War I, falls on November 11, but for some years the two min- uteif silence and church services have been hald on - the nearest' Sunday. VIENNA. — Austria's lead ing lawn tennis player, ball- biting Freddy Huber, has been suspended by the Aus trian L.T.A. until he appears before it on charges of "lack of discipline." Huber had Wimbledon roaring with laughter in- , most . of his matches this year, when he was dubbed the "Danny Kaye" of tennis. 