Offer Of Vast Reward For Red Jet Is Move In Psychological Warfare WASHINGTON, Tuesday. General Mark Clark is undertaking psychological warfare in Korea with his offer of 100,000 dollars (£A45.000) reward to induce a Communist pilot to deliver the Allies a M.I.G jet fighter, informed sources declared to-day. They told United Press that the unorthodox offer was an experiment to see how much dis- may could be produced in the enemy camp by-such attractive invitations to desertion. At least, officials believe the tempting- reward' will now sus- picion and discord among "the Communist . pilots, decreasing their battle efficiency. At best, it may give the United Nations Command a model M.I.G. in good condition for operation flight' tests. American Associated Press said to-day that Senator generally applauded the plan although some fear was expressed that the psychological warfare move might backfire if no Communist pilot accepted. The offer made in the name of General Mark Clark, United Nations Supreme Commander, was announced in leaflets dropped last night in North- west Korea and by radio broadcasts beamed to Communist China and Korea. General Clark offered Communist armies about £22,000 for each M.I.G. delivered, and a bonus of £22,000 to the first pilot to accept the offer. The leaflets told how the plane could be brought safely through the United Nations'' fighter screen and anti-aircraft defences in South Korea. The main MIG base is at An tug, in Manchuria, but General Clark's headquarters said that the planes carrying the leaflets did not fly across the Yalu River over Manchuria. Recently a Polish Lieutenant flew an MIG-16 to the Danish island of Bornholm and was granted asylum. it was believed to be the first MIG to come intact into Allied hands. One early model was fished out of the sea off Korea early in the war, and was sent to the United States for study. The swept-wing MIG used in Korea is believed to differ from the one landed in (Denmark, and to have characteristics of high interest to U.S. Air Force technical intelligence officers. Stripped to bare essentials it can out-climb and out-run the U.S. F-86 Sabre Jet, according to pilots'' reports. But the heavily armed and armoured sabre has shot down about 11 MIG's for every Sabrol lost in air combat. The Allied announcement said that over the past few days planes of the Far East Air Force had been dropping leaflets over North Korea giving instructions how a Communist pilot can fly an MIGf'jet lo n SoutlPKorean base in safety. "ICnomy-pilots"who wish to escape and instructed to fly to Paengyong, an island off the West Coast of Korea and then to pRime, an air- base near Seoul," the statement added. "If they -fly at an altitude of 20,000 feet United Nations aircraft will pick them up and escort them to a landing. If Kimpo is closed by bad weather they are instructed to proceed to Seoul, lower their landing gear and rock the plane, whereupon U.N.. aircraft will guide them to a landing field." The statement said that if it got a Russian-built jet the Far East Air Force would carry out tests to compare it with American planes of a similar nature. It added that the first pilot to land would receive £35,000. '. 'An official statement issued in Washington said the Defence Department had verified the fact that General Clark had offered asylum to Communist pilots flying 'MIG or other jet aircraft over to the U.N. lines. Such are '?niuhei'ätiorf would come from Air Force contingency funds, it added. A spokesman said that each Secretary of the three branches of the armed services had such a fund for use in emergencies or on special occasions. Replying to questions, he said the offer applied only in Korea. If a Communist pilot flew a Soviet plane to a West European country the plane would have to be returned. That was what happened when a Polish jet pilot flew a MIG 15 to Denmark. The pilot was given asylum in England, but the plane was returned to Poland, after it had been examined by experts. The Communist New China newsagency to-day claimed that Communist anti-aircraft fire shot down 18 United Nations planes and damaged another 30 in the five days ending- April 25. Polish Pilot to Visit JUNE. WASHINGTON, Tuesday. Immigration Commissioner, Mr. Argyle Mackey, has authorised a GO-day visit in the United States for Francis Jarecki, the Polish pilot who flew a Russian M.I.G. jet into Western Germany last month. Jarecki's photograph was included in leaflets dropped by U.S. fliers in Korea yesterday, offering rewards to Communist pilots who fly M.I.G. jets into Allied territory. 