U.S. offers Communists pilots in £45,000 tor one of their jet planes TOKIO. - The United States last r,ight offered 100,000 dollars (£45 000) and refuge to the first Communist pilot to deliver a M IG-15 jet fighter into American hands, the offer, announced in leaflets drop ped in North-West Korea and by radio broadcasts beamed to Communist China and Korea, was made in the name of General Mark Clark, U.N. Supreme Commander. General Clark off ered-Com munist airmen 50,000 dollars ( £22,000) for each MIG de livered and a bonus of 50,000 dollars to the first pilot to accept the offer. The leaflets told how the plane could be brought safely through, the United Nations fighter screen and anti-air craft defences in South Korea. General Clark's headquar ters said the leaflet planes did not fly across che Yalu River over Manchuria. The main MIG base is at Antung in Manchuria. Recently a Polish lieuten ant flew a MIG-15 to the Danish island of Bornholm and was granted asylum. It was believed to be the first MIG "to come intact into Al lied hands. One early model was' fished out of the sea off Korea early in the war and sent to the United States for study. The swept-wing MIG used in Korea is believed to differ, i from the one landed in Den ' mark and to have characteris tics of high interest to U.S. Air Force technical intelli gence officers. Stripped to bare essen tials it can out-climb and out-run the United States F-86 Sabre-jet, ac cording to pilots' reports. ; yet tne heavny armcu and . armored baore has shot down aoout ll MxGs tor every macnine of its own ' Kmu lost in air combat. - In Washington, development section and tne joint chieis oí scaif. the Air ivorce issued the toiiowing statement of General Clarie's oner: "The Department of Deience has verined the fact that General Clark has orrered asylum and remuneration to Communist pilots flying MIG-15 or other jet aircraft over to U.N. lines. Such remuneration would come from Air Force contin gency funds." A spokesman said each sec retary of the three branches of the armed services had such a fund for.use in emer gencies or on special occa sions. The Air Force spokesman, in reply to questions, said the offer applied only in Korea. He said if a Communist pilot flew a Soviet Russian plane to a West European country, the plane would have to be re turned. That was what hap pened when the Polish jet pilot flew the MIG-15 to Denmark. The pilot was . given asylum in England, but ' the plane was returned to Poland after it had been ex amined by experts. The Polish pilot concerned, it was revealed yesterday in Washington, had been auth orised by the Immigration Department to make a 60-day visit in the United States. The Justice Department said the man. Francis Jarecki, would arrive by plane in New York 