ISuHBBHSBEHEKHHfliii^EBBH DRESIDENT Eisen hower has asked Congress to amend the controversial McCarran Immigration Act. He asked the Senate Im migration Sub-committee to eliminate provisions which may operate with unwar ranted harshness and to make the Act 'fair and just to all.'— (AAP) * ? * EDITOR of Copenhagen's Communist youth newspaper Fremad, Palle Volght, was sentenced to four months' imprisonment for having published articles inciting Danish soldiers to mutiny.— (AAP) ? * * PRESIDENT Eisenhower has established a new loyalty-security programme, designed to rid the Govern ment of homosexuals, alco holics, and loose talkers, as well as employees deemed to be subversive and disloyal. — (AAP) TORONTO'S new 41 mile underground railway will cost at least 50 million dollars (£A22,098,000) — nearly double the estimate when work started in 1 949. Trains will start to run next Christmas. — (AAP) ? ? ? ECONOMIC and Social Council, United Nations, yes terday deferred until its next session in Geneva a decision on a French — United States proposal to admit Cambodia. Ceylon, Japan, Laos, the re public of Korea, Nepal, and Viet-Nam as full members of the Economic Commis sion for Asia and the Far East.— (AAP) .»_ J- J_ ARAB DELEGATIONS to the United Nations have sent memorandums to the Security Council President, the Secretary-General, and the Conciliation Commission on Palestine, 'protesting vig orously against Israeli sol diers firing at, and killing, Arab civilians in Jerusalem.' —(AAP) ? * + DEATH TOLL in a factory explosion and fire in Chicago on . April 16 rose to 35 yes terday, when an injured em ployee died in c hospital.— (AAP) ¥ * * LABOUR champion of the British housewife, Mrs. Bes sie Braddock, who weighs 16 stone, protested in the House of Commons at the publica tion of a newspaper article saying that she lay 'stretched out snoring' in a room at the House dur ing an all-night sitting last week.— (AAP) TEN C-124 'flying box cars' took off at Fort Bragg (North Carolina) for Central America yesterday with 940 paratroopers aboard for five weeKs oi jungie training in the steaming forests of Panama. — (AAP) ♦ * ♦ NEW YORK'S Mayor (Mr. Vincent Impellitteri) con ferred New York's Medal of Honour, the city's highest decoration, on the retiring United Nations Secretary General (Mr. Trygve Lie) at a ceremony in the City Hall council chamber.— (AAP) * * * AUSTRALIAN conductor. Sir Bernard Heinze, will be Sir Bernard Sir Bernard in bed in London for at least another week with a severe attack of pleurisy. He has can celled all his London en gagem e n t s, which in cluded the conducting of the London ^nnnarmonic orchestra on television and the London Symphony Orchestra at the Royal Festival Hall. — (Special) * ? ? DIPLOMATS in Wash ington on Monday said fare well to Mr. T. V. Maher, counsellor at the Australian Embassy, who is returning to Canberra. A reception in his honour was given by the Australian Ambassador (Sir Percy Spender).— (AAP) j. -±. j. WORLD'S under-privileged peoples would fall under the Iron Curtain if they were not assisted by the West, Australia's High Commis sioner to Canada (Mr. F. Forde) told a meeting of the Australia — New ? Zealand Club held in Montreal to commemorate Anzac Day.— (AAP) ? * * UNITED STATES Supreme Court has denied the second appeal by Alger Hiss for a new trial and disbarred the former State Department official from practice before the High Bench. Hiss is serving a five-year sentence for having lied about his Communist connections. — (AAP) SALE of Nene jet engines ;o Russia in 1946 and 1947, sanctioned by the Labour government, reduced by ibout two years the techni :al lead Britain had over tier in this field, the Supply Minister (Mr. Sandys) told the House of Commons. — (AAP) * * * INDUSTRY had a good chance of attracting the -eople who visited Britain or the Coronation to come 'again and again,' the Bri tish Labour Minister (Sir Walter Monckton) told a meeting in London. — (AAP) COMMUNIST general sec retary of Britain's National Union of Mineworkers (Mi Arthur Homer), who is 59-, eft London airport for Moscow on Monday for a six weeks rest cure. Doctors had advised him to relax.— (AAP) TWO Arab legion soldiers were hanged in Amman (Jordan) yesterday for hav ing supplied military in formation to Israel. — (AAP) WORTH DAKOTA was the anly American State to re port not one case of murder in any of its cities for the second consecutive year. — (AAP) * * * PUBLIC TESTS by American Broadcasting Paramount Theatres, In corporated, of three dimensional television have been authorised by the United States Federal Communications Commis sion. — (AAP) * * ♦ DISCOVERY that the moon caused 'tides' in the upper atmosphere as well as in the oceans, offered new aid to international radio communication, Dr. A. G. McNish, of the National Bureau of Standards, said in Washington— (AAP) ? * * MELBOURNE doctor, John Anson Farrer, has not yet made up his mind whether to return to Australia and continue his practice or stay in England and become Lord of the Manor of Clapham, Yorkshire. Dr. Farrer is on a month's holiday inspecting the estate which he recently inherited.— (AAP) 