EUROPE AGAIN HIT Snowstorms hewmertace J ONDON, Feb. 6. — — . Even before the far floods which hod just ravaged Europe's Low Countries had completely subsided snowstorms and blizzards were sweeping across many ports of the continent. ? In Stockholm the worst snowstorm for 30 years is causing white chaos. Drifts three feet deep paralysed traffic. The city's new underground railway has broken down and cars, trams and buses halted. WALKED HOME Stockholm office and fac tory workers trudged home through snow up to their knees when tram and bus services stopped last night. Suburban trains were can celled to free railwaymen for. the task of moving long distance expresses delayed by blocked lines and frozen points. \- Meanwhile, three flood stricken countries, Britain, Holland and Belgium, are rebuilding their sea defences at top speed and anxiously watching the weather for fear, fresh . gales should bring new ruin. Holland officially con firmed the ? figure of 1320 dead, but the, authorities fear the total may rise very much higher. Britain's deathroll was of ficially given as 256, but the unofficial reckoning gave 267 . and many still un accounted for. Belgium's total stands at 14 dead. Queen Elizabeth has sent a message of sympathy to Queen Juliana. ^ Ten Ostend shopkeepers went mad and are in the town's asylum as a result of the disaster. Rescuers in Holland where more dykes were breached yesterday and fresh areas inundated found people who had clung to trees and roofs in the watery hell since the night of Jan uary 31. Some of these too had gone mad from the ordeal. Australia House, London, is providing facilities for Australians in Britain to contribute to relief for the flood victims. A depot for gift parcels of- clothing is being opened. HOMES OFFER The Norwegian Govern ment has offered prefabri cated houses for British homeless, France has offered engineers, and other offers of aid have been received from the Belgian, Swiss and Danish Governments. Queen Elizabeth has re ceived messages of sympathy from the Presidents of France and Italy and the British Government has had messages from the Pope, General Naguib, Prime Min ister of Egypt, and the Ice landic and Portuguese Gov ernments. Migrants complain LONDON, Feb. 6.— A Labour member, George Thomson, told the House of Commons yesterday he had a number of complaints from constituents that British emigrants were 'going down the gang plank onto the Aus tralian dole.' Under - Secretary for Commonwealth Relations (Mr. John Foster) said no worker was accepted under the assisted passage scheme unless there was reasonable prospect of employment with adequate living accommodation available on ? arrival in Australia. Mr. Thomson also asked Mr. Foster if he was aware of a resolution passed last week by . the Australian Workers' Unioh which sought a ban on assisted immigration until jobs and homes could be guaranteed and declared these immi grants were providing cheap labour. Not responsible ? The, Speaker (Mr. William Morrison) said the Minister was not responsible for statements made ' by an Australian trades union. Mr. Foster said the Com monwealth nomination scheme under which the Australian Govern ment nominated people to emi grate to Australia had been terminated because there was not sufficient assurance of employment. 