[?] COPENHAGEN (A.P.).— Sad and disappointed, a young former %j American who is now technically Stateless is preparing to leave Denmark for the United States after servirig 3U months as a volunteer in the Danish Air Force. ? What seemed to be a clash between American and Dan ish mentalities put a sudden end ta. his military service and left him in an embarras sing situation. He was discharged some weeks ago 'for the benefit of discipline.' There are no hard feelines an either sirtp Problematic The incident that got him out of the Danish Air Force was a problematic one. Ii he had been a Danish citi zen he would have been offi cially charged, under the military penal code, with threatening an officer . He was simply discharged, insisting that he did' not in tena anything but to talk things over with that officer. Richard Hanson, 20, of Chevy Chase, Maryland, used to study politics in Washington D.C. Today he is a man without national ity. He lost his American citi zenship when he joined the Danish Air Force, and it looks aj if he will have to go back home as an immigrant. Three years ago Hanson asked the Danish Military Attache in Washington to help him serve in the Dan ish Air Force. 'I am of Danish descent and I would like to keep up an old family tradition of serving in the Danish armed forces. And I would like it, too, because I think I would be of more use to the de fences of a small country . . .' Richard wrote in his appli cation: Unusual It was an unusual, even unprecedented thing to do, but. two years later the final answer came. It granted his request, and Richard left his politfcal studies, worked his way 10 uenmarK as a deck hand on an American freighter, . was approved again by the authorities and, in May this year, started in the Danish Air Force. It took him Just 3* months to get out again, involuntar ily. He was discharged — honourably. Hanson said he had some weeks of basic army training before he was sent to an Air Force infantry camp in northern Jutland. Difficulties arose. Not many Danish officers speak English and anyway nobody could expect them to repeat all their com mands in English. Hanson thus was under a heavy strain catching the meaning of the drill orders. He managed to get along, however, but language set up a barrier between him and his comrades and offi cer*. Hanson said the officers were irritated because they did not understand him and because he did not under stand them immediately. His comrades referred to him as 'the American,' not too friendly. Had a fight Hanson said he had a fight with one of them and got a disciplinary punish ment of four days in jail. Then, about two months ago, came the incident that actu ally led to Hanson's dis charge. Hanson said he had been granted a weekend furlough on the occasion of his 20th birthday, but some days be fore it was due a lieutenant threatened to deprive him of it because of a trifling negli gence. Hanson got his leave any way, but he did not feel too well about the officer's be haviour. He asked a sergeant, who spoke English, to tell the lieutenant to meet him off duty to talk things over. 'I made the sergeant re peat my request to be sure he had understood me. I asked the lieutenant to meei me off duty to make him understand, in a manto man talk, that he had got me wrong,' Hanson said. 'I thought that could be done, like I think it could in America. Later I realised I should not have done it. Everybody thought I wanted to fight it out with the lieu tenant, but that would have been. absurd as, he is bigger than me and probably would have beaten the daylights out of me. Mistaken 'When I was later asked if I intended to fight the lieutenant I answered thac if the lieutenant wanted it. yes. And that was mistaken for a deliberate wish to fight him,' Hanson said. Officers in the camp, rhe military - prosecutor and finally officials in the De fence Ministry say they could do nothing but take Hanson's words for a threat against the lieutenant. There was no official trial, but Han son was questioned and re ports made out. Finally the Defence Ministry decided to end the thing as peacefully as- possibly by discharging Hanson. The case is closed now. But to Hanson it has been a dis appointing experience, which has left him in Copenhagen like some sort of displaced person. He brought with him some savings from home and is living as cheaply as pos sible in a Copenhagen sol diers welfare home till he can go back to Washington to take up geology as a new study. METALS: London metals, buyers and sellers respec tively: Tin, spot £640, £645; three months £627*, £630. Lead, December £90, £901; March £88*, £882. Zinc, De cember £728, £72 7/8; March £723, £72 7/8. Copper, spot £232, £233; three months £233&, £224. New York, tin, 85.00 nominal. 