JLh: AMERICAN diplomats ". have lately "been using the word "treasure" in the sense of material wealth. Only yesterday, one of them referred to the "many men and much treasure" spent in Korea by the United Nations. Sir Winston Churchill has occasionally used the word in that context, and used it well. But it would be a pity if repeti- tion changed "treasure" from a dream of doub- loons, ducats, rubies and gold plate to a graph of munitions, minerals, air- craft and national in- come. * * . * j J 0E. Two and a half years " ago, a black and white cat named Joe disappeared from the home of Mr. and Mrs. T. W~ Hughes in Ern- est Street, Balgowlah. There was no obvious reason for his departure; he had always hit it off well with Mr. and Mrs. Hughes and their dog, Kim. But go he did. When Mr. Hughes opened the back door at 7 a.m. last Thursday, who should amble in but Joe. Joe sniffed at Kim, who was much taken aback, and then sat down, as is his custom, at the refrigerator door. . * * MRS. M. BURROWS, 29 L Gart fern Avenue,\Ab botsford, received a de- faced penny in change. The head had "been machined off and on it is engraved: J. E. Jenkins, 2/2 M.G. A.I.F. . * . CONCLUDING the sur ^ vey of veteran motor- ists' records, I list the fol- lowing veterans who are still driving without a conviction for a traffic offence:-Mr. Jack Sinclair, Clifford Ave, Fairlight, and Mr. John Bes- wick, Waratah Aye, Rand- wick, 49 years of driving; Mr. J. O'Conor, Waverley, 46; Mr. G. P. Hosking and Mr. A. S. Bird, 43; Mr. J. F. Handley, Mr. W. T. Rob iuson, of Grafton, and Mr. John Andrew, of Griffith, 42; Mr. J. Brudenell-Woods, Pittwater Rd, Mona Vale, and Mr. H. M. Machin, 41; Mr. J. Eastburn, Canberra, 40. . Twenty-six other motor- ists, all driving for more than 36 yearst wrote or tele- phoned, so I think we can regard the survey as exhaus- tive and let the matter drop. . * * ly/T EMBERS of the Loyal . -*??*? Orange Institution re- solved at the 263rd anniver- sary service of the Battle of the Boyne on Sunday to demand a referendum on foreign immigration. The Grand Master of the Insti- tution of N.S.W., Most Won Bro. A. D. G. Downer, said that racial assimilation was not possible and that it denied the evidence of his- tory. He must have been for- getting ' the Battle of the Boyne, at which a Dutch- man, King William III, and his army of English, Irish, Dutch, French and Danish units conquered a Jacobite anny of Irishmen and Frenchmen. fo&HAyL; 