—————— : " — - ' harf laborers' alleged treason PARIS, Fri.— Two French wafers idle workers hove been charged with treason over an alleged attempt to explode a munitions cargo at Port Cherbourg. ine newspaper Aurore saia toaay tnat tne attempt was made on February 25. but bad been kept secret until now. It said that while wharflaborers were unloading ex plosives from the U.S. freighter Seaborne, a winch stopped. A load of explosives was left dangling over a hold containing 5000 tons of rockets. If the load had fallen, it would have started'a chain of disastrous explosions. Aiirore said one man had; in- cited another to sabotage the winch.- —A.AF. / COPS m 'COPTERS NEW YORK, Fri. — Police today began a helicopter patrol of New York City. They will concentrate mostly on the waterfront.— A.AF URANIUM FIND IN CANADA TORONTO, Fri.— A Canadian mining company an nounced today that it had discovered a large body of uranium ore in Northern Ontario, midway between Sault Ste., Marie and Sudbury. Officials of the company, Peach Uranium Mines Ltd., . estimate ore in their claim is worth more than 25,000:- 000 dollars (about £11,000,000). Mining costs should be low. — A.AF. SMALL PLANE'S FEAT LQNDON, Fri.— Young San Francisco watchmaker Peter Gluckmami; finished an Atlantic flight today in a single-seater plane with a 35ft. wing span. The plane is claimed to be the smallest ever to make the crossing. ; He began the flight on June 5 from San Francisco. He flew across the United States, through Canada to Goose Bay, and then to Greenland, where bad weather kept him grounded for nine days: His trip to Iceland was uneventful and last night he left on the last lap to Scotland. r— A. AF. 215 SOLDIERS JAILED COPENHAGEN, Fri. — The. ..Danish Army has sen- ! tenced 215 soldiers- to four months' imprisonment each 1 —the minimum for mutiny— for their part in demon strations against increased national service. Six ringleaders in the demonstrations last February earlier received sentences ranging from five to 12 months.— A AF FREE FISH ON TAP BOMBAY, Fri. — The people of Hyderabad receive daily a free supply of fresh fish— and are complaining about i it. The fish arrive through taps from the town's reser voir, which gets its water unfiltered from the River Indus.— A.AF OLD ENEMIES FLAY HANOVER, Fri.— The annual rally on December 12 and 13 of former members of the German Afrika Korps will feature a football match between General Rommel's veterans and British troops About 15,000 former members of the Afrika Kerns are llikely to attend the rally. — AA.F. REFUGE FOR SHIP'S MASTER LONDON, Fri.— The Home Office today granted per mission for the master of the Polish liner Batory,, Captain Jan Cwiklinski, to remain in Britain. ! Cwiklinski applied for political asylum in Britain after he failed to sail from Tyneside with his shin on June 20. - Britain has also granted political asylum to the ship's medical officer, who also failed to sail in Batorv I last Saturday. — AAF. H.MLA.S. SYDNEY AT HATIFAY HALIFAX, Fri. — The Australian aircraft-carrier Syd- ney reached Halifax yesterday with Canada's Corona tion naval squadron. , I The city will entertain Sydney's crew during the ship's short visit. — A.A.P. REQUEST ON SEAMAN WASHINGTON, Ftt. — The Australian Embassy has; asked the U.S. immigration authorities to expediate the deportation of Terry Japkson Cooper, 26, Australian sea man, who has been held for three months in jail in Bous- |ton (Texas) ' : An Embassy spokesman sdid yesterday that the- British " ; Consul-General at Houston (Mi-. A. C. s: Adams) who was acting for the Embassy, had made the request i after talking with Cooper. : Cooper, classified1 by the authorities as an illegal immf- 1 grant, comes from Petersham Sydhey. An American im migration official has already said that the authorities : expect to deport Cooper in a ship leaving Seattle for Australia about July l.A.AF. 