? New Plan for Re-Settlement of Displaced Persons in Australia At a Conference of Victorian Diocesan directors and migrant chaplains, held in Melbourne last week, the Right Rev. Mgr. G. M. Crennan, Secretary of the Federal Catholic Immigration Committee, described the aims of two new projects: Catholic Agencies Resettlement Aid (C.A.R.A) and the International Catholic Migration Loan Fund (I.C.M.L.F.). THE Migration Conference was held at St. Francis Hall on Thursday, 12 November, under the presidency of Monsignor Crennan, and was attended by more than twenty priests of some ten nationalities, who are ministering to migrants throughout Victoria. They included Victorian Diocesan Directors, Rev. Conrad Reis, P.P. (Melbourne); Rev. J. O'Hagan (Ballarat); and Rev. P. de Campo (Bendigo); and also Rev. J. Pierce, P.P. (former Melbourne director), and Rev. J. Kelly (Geelong). The following migrant chaplains attended: Polish: Rev. W. Ziolkos; Rev. J. Krasocki; Rev. Fr. Janus, S.J.; Rev. Fr. Jaroszka and Rev. Fr. Wozniczak. Lithuanian: Rev. P. Bacinskas; Rev. Fr. Vaseris; Rev. T. Kungys. Hungarian: Rev. Fr. Varga, S.J.; Rev. Fr. Kulczar, O.P. Dutch: Rev. L. Maas; Rev. B. Van Stookom, S.V.D. German: Rev. G. Stein; Rev. A. Omasmeier, S.C.A. Maltese: Rev. P. Grech, S.S.P. Latvian: Rev. Paul Becs, S.J. Czech: Rev. Fr. Peksa. Monsignor Crennan, among other things, stressed the importance of two new projects, sponsored by the International Catholic Migration Commission, for resettling displaced persons, who are refugees from behind the Iron Curtain and still languishing in refugee camps in Europe. A special resettlement plan has been drawn up to meet this urgent need, to be known as Catholic Agencies Resettlement Aid (C.A.R.A.). Another problem calling for urgent attention is the reunion of families, members of which have migrated to distant countries, while others had to remain behind. To re-unite such families, an International Catholic Migration Loan Fund (I.C.M.L.F.) has been instituted to aid migrants in bringing out their parents or relatives. In cases where migrants are unable to meet the full fare of voyages, I.C.M.L.F. will provide loans for a small deposit, repayable over a period of years, in order to meet the cost of transport. After the conference, the diocesan directors and migrant chaplains were the guests of the Federal Catholic Migration Committee at a luncheon at the Hotel Elizabeth. The Caroline Chisholm Guild, which was formed to give new comers to Australia an opportunity to meet Australians and their fellow migrants in a friendly social atmosphere, celebrated its second birthday with a gala social at the Cathedral Hall recently. The Guild, which bears the name of a very great pioneer worker in the field of immigration, seeks to interest the people of Victoria in helping New Australians to be happy in their new homeland. The work which Caroline Chisholm did for the migrant girls of her day, and she was herself a migrant, is one of the most remarkable chapters in migration history. With little assistance, and in spite of much official opposition, she carried out a wonderful work of charity for the then existing Australian colonies. The Caroline Chisholm Guild seeks to emulate her splendid example and appeals to everyone who wishes to help to come along to the fortnightly socials held on alternate Friday evenings on the second floor of the Cathedral Hall when varied programmes are presented. These include dancing, the showing of documentary films, table tennis, musical and vocal items by members of the different national groups and such like. The next social will be held on Friday, 20 November. An important aspect of the Guild's work is the assistance given through its Information Bureau. At the party at which the above photograph was taken, were representatives of the following nationalities: Czech, Slovak, Croat, Polish, Italian, Lebanese, Dutch, Swiss, German, Danish and Maltese. There will be a Christmas party on 18 December on the second floor of the Cathedral Hall, Brunswick-street, Fitzroy, and anybody interested in assisting in the work of the Guild will be welcome. The only requirement for membership is a genuine interest in newcomers and a desire to join in a wonderful work which must benefit both the newcomers and Australia equally. New Australians recently entertained in Melbourne by the Caroline Chisholm Club, founded to assist migrants. 