; — — r— Soviet refusal to rejoin talks LONDON, Fri. — The Soviet Am bassador in London (Mr. Malik) yesterday delivered a Note reiterat ing Russia's refusal to rejoin talks on a treaty to restore Austrian sovereignty. Deputies of the British, United States, and French Foreign Ministers are conducting the negotiations on Austria. Last Monday Russia rejected Britain's invitation to a meeting of the Deputies in London for Wednesday of this week. . Moscow Radio then quoted Mr. Malik as . saying on behalf of the Soviet Union: "At present it would be far more reasonable to consider this matter in. a diplomatic manner by written exchange of opinions." — A.A.P. QUINTUPLETS' 19TH BIRTHDAY NICOLET (Quebec), Fri. — The Dionne quintuplets celebrated their 19th birthday quietly today in a Roman Catholic school, 80 miles north-east of Montreal, where they are studying home economics.— A.A.'P. PACIFIST MAY ENTER U.S. WASHINGTON. Fri. — The United States Board of Immigration Appeals today overruled. New York Immi gration authorities and announced that Mr.. Stuart Mor ris, a British pacifist, could enter the United States. The Immigration authorities had held Mr. Morris, general secretary of the Peace Pledge Union in Britain, for two weeks at Ellis island. Immigration officials said that under the McCarran Act Morris' presence would be "prejudicial to the public interest or endanger the welfare, safety, or security" of the nation/ and denied, him entry for a two- months speaking tour.— A.A.P. BELLS BREAK LONG SILENCE LONDON, Fri.— The bells of St. Bride's— London's old est church— rang again yesterday for the first time since Hitler's bombs hit them in 1940. They were rung by means of an electro -mechanical carillon, the first of its kind installed in a church anywhere in the world. — A.A.P. PANES ALTER CONSTITUTION COPENHAGEN, Fri.— Danish voters, in a national referendum today, approved a series of Constitutional amendments which will provide, for a single-Chamber Parliament and. make it possible for a woman to sit on the throne of Denmark. Another amendment approved gives residents of Greenland representation in the Danish Parliament. — U..P . GERMAN CARS FOR U.K. LONDON, Fri— Britain and Western Germany have made a reciprocal agreement on the export 'of cars. For the first time since the war, Britain this year will import £2,000,000 worth of German cars, and will, export £2,700,000 worth of British cars to Western Ger many. . The British Government, having decided to reopen the car trade with European countries, is negotiating with the French Government for an agreement similar to that with Western Germany.— A.A.P. REP PRISONER "MURDERED" TOKIO, Fri. — A Communist prisoner of war in the Pusan compound, who was found dead last night, ap parently was murdered, by fellow inmates. The man was in his bed with two deep cuts in his neck. The instrument which caused: his death has not been found.- -A.A.P.-Reuter: A-SHELLS PRODUCTION WASHINGTON, Fri.— The United States now was in a position to mass-produce atomic artillery shells, Mr. John Jar man, a Democratic member of the House of- Representatives, , said yesterday. Mr. Jarman and more than 100 other House and Senate members saw the first atomic cannon test in Nevada on Monday. The "missiles" used in experiments had been, built by hand, Mr. Jarman said.— A.A.P. GUERRILLA GENERAL KILLED RANGOON, Fri.— Burmese Government forces had killed a Chinese general named War La-low; the Burmese War Office announced today. It said the general was killed several days ago when Burmese units repulsed an attack by Chinese guerrillas in southern Burma. — A.A.P., WRONG SPIRIT IN CHURCH NEW , YORK, Fri —Excise agents yesterday found six cases of . moonshine whisky under the pulpit of the Yadkin Grove. Baptist Church, near Salisbury, North Carolina. ; The chief agent said' church officers were being questioned, but a 40-years-old Negro who showed up at the church during the raid was the main suspect. ; The Negro had a longer record for bootlegging : than church attendance: the agent added, "and. anyway, it wasn't Sunday. "—A.A.P. 