ENGLISH FAMILY COMING TO MOUNT BARKER Leaving tomorrow to start a new life in Western Australia are the Brown family, of 35 Castle Grove, Portchester. Mr. Fred Brown, aged 59, well-known for his public work in Portchester, has closed his watchmaker's and jeweller's businesses in Portsmouth and Portchester, and hopes to start all over again in the small town of Mount Barker, 233 miles from Perth. Completing the family exodus are his wife, his daughter, Joato, aged 17, and his son, Mr. Fred Brown, jun. wellknown yachtsman, with his wife, Hilda, and their two small children. In Western Australia Mr. and Mrs. Brown will be near another daughter, with her husband and children. Mr. Brown, who comes from an old Portsmouth family, joined the Royal Hampshire egiment in 1912 and was seriously wounded twice in France during World War I, e came out of hospital disabled in 1919, and following training in watchmaking by the Ministry of Pensions, started his business in New Road, Portsmouth in 1924. The family moved to Portchester in 1936 and opened up a second shop. Mr. Brown entered public life in 1938, when he became Chairman of the Portchester Ratepayers' Association. He served on Fareham Urban Council as an Independent from 1942 until 1951. and was Chairman of the Housing Committee for more than three years. During the war was Chairman of the Port- Chester National Savings Committee and the local branch of the National Society -for the prevention of ^ Cruelty to iu Children. ^iwuicii. This eek he resigned from his post as a manager of the three primary schools in Portchester. CHOSE HOSPITAL NAME r Mf; ^thl chose the name of St Christ I topher's Hospital, Fareham. When a name had to be found for the hospital his ™ f J S n - "st^Chrisfophe^ | Hospital." I Both Mr. Brown and his son have taken an active part in the running of Portchester Football Club. "The Club has asked us to continue as vicepresidents although we are going to the other side of the world," he told a reporter. Mrs. Brown, who has served as a voluntary worker at the H Portchester Welfare Centre for 15 years, received a farewell presentation from the nurses, workers, and mothers. She was a WVS worker during the war. b a r Mr. Fred Brown, jnr., who o is also a watchmaker in the family business, is leaving England with one big regret— p he will miss the many sailing CY friends he has made up and down the country. Since the war he has become one of the South Coast's t s outstanding 18ft. National p owner-helmsmen. A member of the Portchester and Ems- worth Slipper Clubs, Mr. Brown has gained many trophies in his National Silhouette II. Earlier this year he went to Copenhagen as a member of the British National 18ft. team to compete against Danish helmsmen. He has already been invitedto join the Princess Royal j Sailing Club, at Albany, in Western Australia, and is! hoping to have his yacht I shipped to Australia later on. "Leaving an established: business to take a chance in { a new country meant making | a big decision," said Mr.i Brown. "But Australia needs immigrants, and with plenty of hard work the prospects look good. "There is a certain feeling of sadness at parting from so many good friends, but the great thing is that all the family will be together." Foregoing appeared in the Portsmouth ™ Evening Juvenilis News, i^ws, unc^er date Wednesday, 29th July. 1953. It is understood, Mr. Browii wlll open a watclnnaker's and jeweller's business In Mt. Barter, if and when the opiportunity arises. 