ba-^tg.BittttjM.wiJIrlHJMIIIiBH JIGH-LEVEL inter national talks (o onsidcr the problems -f farm surpluses will be held in Washington early next year. This has been announced jy officials of the United Nations Food and Agricul :ural Organisation. The 20 member nations of ?AO's committee on com nodity . problems will send ienior officials to the coh erence. It was proposed by Hol and's Agriculture Minister Mr. S. L. Mansholt) at the neeting of FAO nations, ust ended in Rome. — (AAP) ? * * DAMAGES of £763 were iwarded by a Cardiff Court 0 Mrs. Elizabeth Ward fhomas, 77, widow, against he makers of her artificial eg, which fell off and caused ler to fall.— (AAP) ? * + HUNGARY has reintro iuced a holiday on Boxing 3ay, which Budapest Com nunist radio said was ibolished last year 'by popu ar request.'— (AAP) ? + * NEARLY all bakers' shops tn Paris and many in French provincial towns closed for a day in protest against the Government's refusal to increase their profit margin. — (AAP) ? ? * NEARLY 2000 of 3000 Jews vho have migrated from 3ritain to Palestine since 946, have . now moved to -ther countries because of he shortage of work and low iving standards.— (AAP) ? * * SURREY motor agent \rchibald Wilson, of Sutton, vho died last August, left nore than £5000 sterling to 1 niece in Sydney, Marie iVilson, 26, whom he never net— (AAP) ? * * FIRST new type of cheese n 500 years— it looks like a Danish Blue, but with a dif :erent taste and texture — has seen created by scientists' at Wisconsin and Minnesota iniversities. — (AAP) ? * * BETWEEN 20 and 30 people were injured, four seriously, when a boiler ex ploded in the paint depart ment of a West London tinware factory. — (AAP) ? * * TOP Comm.unist Robert fhompson, was sentenced to iour years' more, jail for con tempt of court in failing to surrender in 1951, to serve a ;hree-year sentence for con spiracy to overthrow the united States Government oy force. — (AAP) ? * ? SECOND oldest known manuscript of the Persian poem, 'The Rubaiyat of Dmar Khayyam,' was sold at i New York public auction to an unidentified American :ollector for 4500 dollars (£2000).— (AAP) \+ * * THREE of the crew of 17 of the 157 ton Polish trawler Kania, which ran aground near Ringkoebing, West Jut land, last month, have ap plied for political asylum in Denmark.— (AAP) stnisu a precedent, the ?Vhite House is releasing re :ordings of President Eisen lower's Press conference, for l.se by radio and television letworks in the United States.— (AAP) * * * ALUM) Occupation authorities in Rnnn have released 105 Germans from prison under the High Commission's Christ mas amnesty. — (AAP) ? * ? ? IMMIGRATION authori ses in Mexico City have irrested nine Americans, .wo Canadians, and a Briton is suspects 'in a racetrack iwindle which cost tourists it least £22,800.— (AAP) BRITAIN, France, and the Jnited States have asked the Security Council to endorse he call on Israel to cease ts canal digging work on the vest bank of the River Jor lan in the demilitarised fine of Palestine.— (AAP) *? 'k -k LORD Chief Justice God iard told the House hf boras n e would, resign if juries were ever em powered to decide whether con victed mur derers should hang or go to jail for life. 'It is destruc tive of every Khinir in Tlrif. ish law,' he said. — (AAP) \+ * * ALLIED military court has found 15 Triestini guilty of taking part in pro-Italian riots in which six people were killed on November 4 and 5;— (AAP) * ?: * NEW Zealand is the ninth jountry to sign a protocol transferring to the United Nations the functions and powers formerly exercised by the League of Nations under the Slavery Convention ol 1926.— (AAP) * ' ? ? CAPTAIN Arthur Phillips, Canadian Pacific Steam ships marine superintendent at Liverpool, told a Liver pool inquiry that the 20,000 ton Empress of Canada, which burnt out in dock last Januaryi must have been maliciously fired. — (AAP) * * * JAPAN'S Ice Skating Fed eration has been notified by Russia that Soviet skaters will compete in the world speed skating championships in Japan next January. — (AAP) * * * VISCOUNT Bruce of Melbourne and Lady Bruce sail from Tilbury to-day on the Orion for « six-weeks' holiday visit to Australia. — (AAP) * * ? . FIVE raiders ? who broke into the strongroom of one of London's largest furniture warehouses last September and seized £39,000 in cash and jewellery, were jailed for periods of between one and 12 years.— (AAP) Zhicj Judge Zhicj Judge 