She Fell In Lore HVith America vxsBisiws&mmtMmmssa; From A Staff Correspondent NEW YORK, August 22.-For six years, Miss Guri Lie, 27-year-old blonde and attractive daugh- ter of Mr. Trygve Lie, for- mer Secretary-General of the United Nations, travel- led the streets of New York in a gleaming black limous- ine. The U.N. pennant fluttered from the radiator, and motor- cycle policemen with scream- ing sirens cleared the traffic for her car. With her rode men like Churchill and Menzies, Molo tov and Eden. Now she lives alone in a i two-room flat in the heart of New York, not far from U.N. CAN YOU CONDUCT MEETINGS? HUNDREDS of women in Sydney are the presidents of clubs, and between them spend thousands of hours con- ducting meetings. The percentage of wasted hours is probably much higher than need be because many of the presidents do not know committee procedure. Yet when applications closed during the week for a course of 12 weekly lectures in "Chairman- ship and the Conduct of Meetings," to be given by the Australian Insti- tute of Management, only one woman was among the 36 men who applied. The course will be given by Mr. Laurence Macaulcy, and will begin on Tuesday in the Insti- tute's auditorium, headquarters, "as a typical American working girl." She holds a research-and clerical job with the Rocke- feller interests, does her own laundry in the basement ("1 wanted to find out how these automatic washers work"), cooks her own meals, lives with borrowed furniture while awaiting some Danish modern she is having sent over spec- ially, "and never was so happy' in my life." "1 realise," she says, "that as my father's daughter I had all manner of advantages I would never have had as my- self. "I travelled a lot with Daddy before we came to New York. "During the war, I was in England at school; then was drafted into the Norwegian forces. "When we came to America in 1946, it was a completely new experience for me. "At first, I didn't like it a bit. I was pretty English, you know, and found the Ameri MISS GURÍ LIE I ... -_" w«, I can ways a very strange sort of business. But I learned to like it fairly soon and had not been here long before 1 had privately made up my mind to stay here when it came time for my family to go home again." She began assembling her papers for a new American visa which would permit her to take work in the U.S.A. when "Daddy's resignation took me a bit by surprise. "I was not ready at all. 1 had to hurry things up and, finally, I made a quick trip to Canada and returned as an immigrant. "I simply had to try not being my father's daughter. It was like riding around on a cloud." Did her father and mother object when she told them of her plan to stay behind? | "Not at all," said Miss Lie. Just Simple Meats And Salads ' After attending some 200 | official receptions, does Miss i Lie miss the glamour and ex- citement? I "Not a bit," she says. "1 find my new life just as ex- i citing; in fact, a lot more so; for I realise perfectly well that the Prime Ministers and princes, the Presidents and Kings whom I met hardly knew I was there. "People 1 meet now are in- terested in me, if at all, for myself. I like that. "1 like doing my own cook- ing, too-nothing fancy, you know, no attempt at Nor- wegian national dishes. Just simple meats, steaks, and chops, salads and fruits. Our own sort of food would be much too heavy for the New York climate. Norwegians, you know, have only one Dig meal a day, between 3 and 5 o'clock according to the in- dividual habit, and not two or three, as here." Wants To Become American Miss Lie intends to become an Amcrican-"if they w. have me. But it takes me years, you know." For the daughter of world-famous man, the swi.cn poses problems not common to the experience of ordinary immigrants, and she s ¡M had not lost all her caution m expressing herself in print. She is subdued too on her switch in allegiance tor a different reason. .. "A Norwegian farm _ girl coming over here and deciding to become an American is an everyday occurrence, saiu G »But it is news I suppose that Trygve Lie's daughte. a going to do so, and some Sie at home do not like ''""I don't plan on a big care« here. I'm not a career girl. I just like it in America and PlaAnskedSwnat she thought of American men, she thinks tor a moment and says, One thine I learned about men ai . the U.N. is not to be nat.ona- ^ 'iS"Once you know them, most people are nice. "Would I consider marry ing an American? " "Of course I w°u£.n1vTI-! possibility most certainly is not to be excluded Has she anyone in particu lar in mind? ... . "Grac ous, no," says wa ? Lie "Just say that the¡noss.; , bUity is not to be excluded. , i ï 