# MARATHON AIR RACE ENTRANTS PREPARING Womaia . pilot stakes her home on victory By . . , J, T. Bridgman MRS. GERTRUDE McKENZIE, noted Australian pilot, is reportecl to have sold: her home in order to.raisevthe money to enter for the. London to Christchurch air race in October. The Idea for this race originated in Christchurch, principal southern city of New Zealand, six years ago and will . reach fruition on October 8 this year, when 18 aircraft, some of them the finest in the world, will hurtle down London Airport's runways at the start of a race to the otheir side of the globe. The race, the longest, most gruel ling, and most spec- tacular event in a v i a tion history, has a 1 1 racted the atten tion of the -world. The a i r craf t will be c o mpeting for £30,000 in prizes. Winner of the speed sec tion, which has \- drawn 12 entries, will receive a gem - stud ded gold cup, valued at £1,000, and a cash prize of £10,000. There are other cash prizes of £3,000, £1,000, and £500. For the handicap sec tion, which has attracted six competitors, similar cash prizes are offered. The speed section win ner should flash across the finishing line at Christchurch interna tional airport early on Saturday morning, October 10,- about 24 hours after the start, having by then covered 12,500 miles from Lon don at an average speed of 5-20. miles an hour throughout. ' Cost of. the race is .estimated conservatively at £55,000. New Zealan- ders are raising this money by a series of Dominion-wide compe- . titions and fixtures. ALL types of .aircraft have entered. They range from the four-jet Royal' Air; Force Valiant bomber, still on the secret list, to the Chan nel Wing < aircraft of novel design, the hope of an American, it is a. . conventional, - twin-en gined pusher mono- . plane, except for " the channel wings, each of which is shaped like the lower half of . a tube with an adjustable- pitch propeller set in the channel. These are close to the engine. Mrs. Gertrude.. Mc kenzie will compete in the handicap section, possibly with a four-" engined Tudor. She is reported to have sold her home and all her pos sessions to buy the air craft and the enormous quantity of aviation spirit she'will require for the flight. 7 Aged 43, Mrs. McKen- zie has been flying since 1936\. She will be accom panied by Miss Con stance Jordan, who will be flight engineer and co-pilot, and by Miss Evelyn Koren; only 23, who will be relief pilot. But the- aircraft's cap tain will be a man- Captain J. R. Kemp, senior route captain f oi Australian National. Air ways. POSSIBLE winner of the speed section is the mighty Valiant. Said to be faster than the record-smashing Can- berras, five of which have been entered, the Valiant is expected to make only two stops on the ,,12, 500-mile flight. Each stop should take no more than 15 to 20 minutes. Any of the Canberras may. steal the show. Three have been entered by the Royal Air Force, , which has its crews for the race in secret train ing, and two by- the Royal Australian Air Force. Only..; one United States jet aircraft has been entered. It is a Re public F84G fighter, and will represent tlie Royal Danish Air Force. Cap able of more than 600 miles an hour, /'the Re public was the first operational fighter to be .equipped for air-to-air refuelling. Under a test, a Republic F84G re mained in the air for 12 hrs. 5 min., receiving four aerial fuellings dur ing the flight. Two United States pilots will fly a twin Mustang., fighter — two Mustangs joined, side by side, on one wing. They are Captain Harold Hill, aged 32, a" United States , jet fighter . instructor, arid Mr. ' Joseph Dyer, aged 33, of Florida, a -second world war test pilot. The aircraft - they will fly is well-known and respected by all World War H. fighter pilots. Designed in Britain, it was built in quantity in the United States,' and was powered by the famous Rolls Royce Merlin engine. Another united States pilot will fly a British aircraft— Mr. C. H. Goodlin, He has chosen a de Havilland Hornet 3. There will also be an other Mustang in the race. It will be more orthodox than Captain Hill's, but it will not be without its novel feat- . ures. Flight Lieutenant J. L. Whiteman, of Syd ney, Australia bought ,the Mustang from .war surplus stores, paid his £100 entrance fee, and then set about - boosting its performance. He has done this in a novel way, by fitting small ram-jet. motors to. the wing tips, converting the fighter into a three-en- gined, partially jet-pro pelled machine. - Flight Lieutenant Whiteman plans to fly the aii'craft at its maxi mum cruising speed of 400 miles an hour until . about two hours' flying time from the end of each lap, when he will cut in the' jets. These should raise the air craft's speed by about 75 miles an hour. Extra tanks will give it a range of about 4,000 miles. This pilot plans to fly the race in six stages; His stopping places will be Athens, Ceylon, Sing apore, -Darwin, William- town, and then on over the Tasman Sea to Christchurch. The other speed sec tions entries are two Mosquito twin-engined photographic reconnais sance planes. They will be flown by Squadron Leader A. J. R. Oates and Captain J. Woods, both of Australia. THE handicap section has drawn only, six entries, a slight disap pointment to many race enthusiasts but not to the. organisers, who wanted quality, not quantity, from competi tors. British European Air ways has entered one of its new Vickers Viscount turboprop airliners, in . which the chief execu tive, Mr. Peter Mase- field, will be a passen ger. An American Doug- : las airliner has been entered by K.L.M. Royal Dutch Airlines. It will carry Dutch immigrants, eager to start a new life in New Zealand. The New Zealand Air Force has entered a Handley Page Hastings transport, which has al- .LEFT: Mrs. Gertrude McKe'nzie, who has sold her home to" finance her entry in the £ London-Christchurch oir race. Above: A four-engined Tudor aircraft, of the type | which Mrs. McKenzie will . probably fly. j ready flown over the route with its two racing crews; and Rausch Avia tion (U.S.A.) will com pete with a Lockheed Lodestar. It is hoped that after the face the competitors will fly the length and breadth of New Zealand to givefthe country's two riiillion people an oppor tunity of seeing them. They may land at some of the, larger 'Cities. ALREADY the race has put the garden city of Christchurch on the map. Inquiries about the event and the city that has come to. be known as the home of the air race, flood in from all parts of the world as enthusiasm mounts. The most English of Southern Hemisphere cities; Christchurch is preparing to welcome a great influx of visitors from the rest of the Dominion and-from over seas countries. Most of the- handicap section air- craft will carry passen gers. At Christchurch airport to meet them will be aviators and airline executives from many parts of the world. The race will be chron icled as one of the great est events in aviation history. 