I MOTTO FOR IMMIGRANTS: WINS IN Sydney is a Polish surgeon working as a storeman while he studies desperately for the Australian " medical degree he needs. He wear gloves at all this in his work. If you ask him why, he will tell you: Zee hands of a good surgeon must be smooth as zee hands of a shelf." Is it funny, or tragic? * * * HIS series of articles has sought to present the migrant problem-and if IS a prob- hereby direct contact with immigrants as well as by an approach to Government sev- - Figures are import- art but so are people. Books could be written, "and no doubt will be written, on our present clash of indi \- ' 'ii"'- and cultures, for this country has plainly embarked on one of the great social experiments of history. Probably nothing short of a Royal Commission could show us the full picture as it is to-day. But some important conclusions are possible They do not always agree with the official conclusions. Here are the questions this _,_. sought to answer:. and the answers, limited though they must be Has Australia succeeded in its immigration plans? It has succeeded magnific- . ently in bringing people to Australia-no other., country can match its postwar effort. It has not succeeded so well in keeping them, or in assimilating those it has kept, despite the devoted efforts of many officials and civilians. . Can we go on bringing in people at the same rate as in recent years? Probably not. The Commonwealth's target figure for the present seems to be about 100,000 a year. What kinds of immigrants have we had? All kinds. They include in very rough groupings, about 45 per cent British from Britain; nearly 20 per cent, from Slavic countries; about 12 per cent. German, Dutch and Baltic; about 10 per cent. Italian; about 1.7 per cent. Greek. . What immigrants will we get-in future? We will have to look for them. According to "The Sun Herald's" London office, the Queen's tour has stimulated another wave of British migration, despite previous unfavourable publicity about Australia. We should get some northern Europeans mainly Dutch, German and Danish but not many. Both Italy and Greece could send us more migrants than we have so far been prepared to take. . Should the quotas be different? We cannot get immigrants who do not want to come. But some of the present figures (Greeks only 14 per cent, against Italians 10.7 per cent.) seem disproportionate. . Are we losing many immigrants? Too many. We are paying many millions of pounds to bring people to Australia who soon go home, dissatisfied. British and Dutch go home soonest. Some British migrant welfare groups claim that nearly 50 percent, of "British immigrants are going home, but the claim is diffi THE most cursory examination of Australia's massive immigration programme soon shows that it has had brilliant - successes, and some grave weaknesses. Eight hundred thousand immigrants in seven years ... it sounds impressive. But how many are being brought here who will not stay? If they do stay, how will we house them? And where will we get more immigrants, if we want them? This article the last in a series, examines these and other problems, and gives such conclusions as have been possible from a survey lasting many months. cult to accept. No detailed! official figures are available.] . What is the biggest weakness in our immigra- tion programme? Housing. The Commonwealth brings the immigrant here, does its best to help him get a job and teach him English, but housing Oh, that's a State matter!" . What do the immigrants like least about our community? The shortage of homes. Rackets. Our liquor laws. . . Is there more crime among immigrants than among Australians? Yes, despite official statements to the contrary. (This claim can be backed with gaol figures.) The proportion of violent crime among immigrants, particularly Poles, seems higher than among other immigrants or among Australians. . Who make the best immigrants. Young ones, no matter where they come from. Apparently we must accept the fact that the first generation will be lost to us, in spirit at least. But the children are ours almost from the moment they come here. YOUTH OUT By A SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT I 