John William Berghofer, Blue Mountains Pioneer By Dr. GEORGE F. J. BERGMAN An interesting paper read by Dr. Bergman at a meeting of the Blue Mountains Historical Society, which will be published in serial form, when space permits. THE IMMIGRANTS One hundred and one years exactly had passed on April 29 last, since the barque "Triton" berthed in Sydney Harbour. It was a small ship of 493 tons only, of Danish origin, which had left the German port of Hamburg on November 26, 1852, for a long journey of five months to Australia. Among the 133 steerage passengers who set foot as immigrants on Australian soil on that April day of 1853 was a sturdy 45-years- old German peasant. His name was Wilhelm, or as he soon called himself, "Wil- liam" Berghofer. The fam- ily's name was "Berghofer" or English written "Berg- hoefer," not "Berghofer," but at that time the two little dots above the "o," which in German constitute- the vowel "o"— "oe"— were dropped, none of the family now remembers. Mr. John Charles Berghofer told me that on one occasion, when he saw his father, John William Berghofer, sign a document without the two dots above the "o" and asked him about it, he an- swered that "nobody does it now." So they were prob- ably dropped simply by usage, because the English language does not know this vowel and nobody knew how to pronounce it. Like that of many other steerage passengers, William Berghofer's name was not even mentioned in the ship- ping report or in the immi- gration list. William Berg- hofer came from the little hamlet of Munchhausen, near Marburg, in "Kurhes- sen," the small state of the elector of Hessia in Western Germany. If the Hessian peasants are regarded by the German people as "a bit dull," so that one speaks of them as the "Blind Hes- sians," William Berghofer was certainly, not one of this type. He had come to Austra- lia like many of his coun- trymen, having heard of the numerous German peasants, who had found in this coun- try a new and better home, free from religious and poli- tical persecution, and he had decided to try his luck; also he was no longer a young man. As soon as he ar- rived he went to farm work again. He laboured first for other farmers in the Banks- town area and then leased a small farm near "Salt Pan" at Bankstown. He had left his family at home, but after a short time he felt so happy and secure that he wrote to his wife to join him with their children. On September 18 or 20, 1855, Mrs. Anna Gertrude Berghofer, nee Althaus (born 30/8/1818, arrived in Sydney in the sailing ship "Wilhelmsburg" with her five children, among whom was her eldest son Johannes, who was later to be known as John William Berghofer. He was born on February 8. 1840, at Munchhausen. The date of the arrival and even the name of the ship are subject to conjecture. The enquiry which I made about it shows that even official documents like nat- uralisation certificates can sometimes not be trusted in historical research work. I have dealt with this matter in Appendix V of this paper. Mrs. Berghofer joined her husband at Bankstown. Four other children were subse- quently born to the couple at Bankstown and, at the beginning of the sixties, the family consisted of six sons and three daughters. Their youngest child was George Berghofer, who to- day is the sole surviving child of William Berghofer. A very alert gentleman, he is still living at the age of 91 at Kogarah and was able to give me valuable infor- mation about his family, BERGHOFERS AT KOGARAH In 1864, William Berghofer had saved enough money to buy a piece of land on Rocky Point Road, "around Cook's River," at Kogarah, from the well-known land owner and grazier, Ebenezer Vickery, later the Hon. E. Vickery. There he and his family carried on his voca- tion as a market gardener. Young John William, who on his arrival had been aged about 16, first worked on the land for Mr. B. C. Rodd, a solicitor, of "Barn- stable Manor," Five Dock, and after some years of farming was made overseer of works on the road now leading on from Taverners Hill. However, when his father bought the land at Rocky Point, he joined him there to work with him. Contrary to the habits of many other German immi- grants of this time, the Berghofers did not seek ex- clusively the company of their own countrymen, but mixed freely with Austra- lians. They did not adhere to the German Lutheran Church, but joined the Church of England, which brought them still closer to the English-speaking inhab- itants of their township. Their diligence, enterprise and friendly behaviour and the fact that they obviously acquainted themselves very quickly with the English language, made them in a short time worthy, citizens of the Kogarah district, which was then very sparsely populated. After having been in N.S.W. for 14 years, Wil- liam Berghofer felt that he was now truly an Austra- lian, and on February 27, 1867, asked for naturalisa- tion, which was duly grant- ed. On February 13, 1868, he became a British citizen (Certificate (18)68/15). John William, who was at this time already aged 28, was, however, not naturalised with him. On February 5, 1867, John William had married Kath- erine Spring, a girl from the Rhineland, and had started (Continued on Page 5), Mountain Pioneer (Continued from Page 4). his own family. The Springs were also farmers and lived on a small property known as "Muddy Creek," fronting a road known as Bay Road from Rockdale to Brighton- le-Sands. After his mar- riage John William bought part of his father's land and began to work on his own account. Soon the Berg- hofers not only took part in communal affairs of Kog- arah, but even assumed leadership there. (To- be continued.) 