WARNS AUSTRALIANS OF NEW GUINEA DANGER AS far as Australia is concerned, I believe it absolutely neces " sary, to safeguard her hear future, tliat she should not tolerate an Indonesian seizure of Western New Guinea. £P the Dutch can't keep it, come to an arrangement with them for its cession to you. The present discussions on this subject at The Hague >eem stormy indeed. Western New Guinea has no- thing in common with Indo- nesia. Australia must realise this and assure" the unity of this immense island. Its nor- thern part is of great strategic value to Australia. I; hope you will not be duped by misplac- ed generosity, because it would be a thousand times better tor the tribes of New Guinea to be under the control of Australian democracy than under Indo- nesians, incapable of manag- ing their own country, Itself in the throes of a masked civil war. If, in agreement with Hol- land, Australia were to make Western New Guinea a pro- tectorate, the "fait accompli" would be accepted, as it could be amply justified. I fear the Indonesians maj attempt a face-saving "coup de force." At Karachi, whenever the Indonesian representatives give a reception, a large map of the islands constituting In- donesia is displayed. New Guinea is included ("All thal belonged to Holland in tht South Pacific is ours," I wa¡ told by a high official). Henee, from both strategic and humanitarian points o: view, I hope Australia, witt Dutch consent, will extend he] tutelage and protection to thi¡ still-wild part of New Guinea There is real danger that th« Indonesians will try to anne? it for reasons of prestige oi internal politics. There lies £ danger to Australia's future. It would be an excellen thing if more responsible Aus- tralians became aware, on thi spot, of what is happening ir Asia. As for us European! from the West, the sooner w< bring about a European fed- eration . the better for ou: future so heavily threatened. Unity In Misery AFTER a year a Karachi, we havi lived at Chittagong since Jas November. Chittagong is no\ che only port in East Pakistan as a result of the partition o India, lt can no longer b abandoned in favour of Cal ?utta, and everything must b sacrificed to the developmen of its roadstead and quays fo the export of jute. Some ships have to wai months for a full cargo, th average loading time bein about 40 days. There is - n artistic or cultural activlt whatever here. The monsoons are at the! height and the rains have turn ed into floods. The only Asian unity is the shocking misery of the masses. If Tasmania had the same density of popula- tion as East Pakistan, her population would be 22,600, 000. A few days ago, the econc mist Colin Clark declared thi the world could support si times its present population : Danish methods of agricultui were applied. Indeed! An what woukTDanish methods d about monsoons? Scientists freely promise v abundance, but always for . tc morrow. According to Lyser ko's theories, the Russiar were going to make corn gro' as high as trees, and eac milch cow produce 20 gallor of milk a day. rpm S article consists of extracts from a letter by M. Roger Loubere, for- mer Consul for France in Victoria, to Dr. L. A. Trie be!, of the University of Tasmania. M. JLoiibere lived in Australia for 21 years and is now in Paki- stan. If you could believe these boasters, humanity would die of indigestion, not of starva- tion. Such boasters ought from now to put their theories into practice. -iving Room Need ETOWEVER, food is not the only question. The masses want something more than daily bread. Asians are too numerous, and the in- crease continues. This is also our difficulty In North Africa. Each year there are 400,000 more mouths to feed and people to clothe. In spite of the immense irri- gation works, the working of mines, and the creation of new ¡industries, in spite of the '500,000 North Algerian immi . grant workmen in Prance, these poor people can no longer !be given a décent standard of ¡living. Hence, the acts of vio- lence. In India, fven if the . national revenue were miall? divided, the Hindu would stilt be very poor. The dominant factor is the irrational multi, .plication of the human race; a major cause of world wars is the need of living room. The other day. in Brisbane, the7 High Commissioner for In- dia criticised Australia's immi- gration policy. In any case, he is not the one who starves to death. in India, nor do the governing or wealthy classes. There are still to be found 50,000,000 pariahs reduced to the level of human animals. Bursting Pressure JN Asia and on our globe it seems that Nature's balance has been dis- turbed, and that Nature herself will restore it to the detriment A humanity. In the Elizabethan Age, Lon- don had 60,000 people, and Athens in her splendour only 70,000. The cheapest thing in Asia is human life. It may be with human beings as with mer- chandise; quantity diminishes value. International conferences, leagues for peace, and the ef- forts of honest people will be powerless to prevent the dyke from bursting under this human Asian pressure. Ideolo- gical pretexts to justify it will always be found._ 