Literature Comes Of Age By T. INGLIS MOORE, author of "Six Australian Poets" The Half Way Sun" and other works. AUSTRALIAN literature has conte of age. As literature it has now produced a solid body of good work, whilst its finest writings have achieved an international reputa- tion. As Australian it has grown to a national expres- sion, painting the country itself, limning many ways of Australian life, and voicing the nation's traditions. AUSTRALIAN litera- ture is democratic in temper, based on humane quality, so that its heroes are the com- mon men and women of the bush and city. It has carried on the tradition of mateship which was the creed of Henry Lawson. It has a radical strain in its faith in social justice and its feeling for the underdog. It is strongly realistic, ob- serving life candidly, and sometimes touched with a bit- terness which has come from the shadow of drought on the land. Its humour is unique as Australian, hard-bitten, with a twist of irony. Although disillusioned by two world wars and a depression, it still keeps much of the idealism, the faith in an Aus- tralian future, which flowered in the 1890's. It gives a posi- tive affirmation of the value of life. IN our literature, then, we can see ourselves mirror- ed. Its virtues and its defects alike are our own. Thus it em- bodies youth and vitality, a certain crude power. It has the broad human sympathies of a democracy, along with the fundamental sincerity and sim- plicity of a pioneering people. It has a healthy good humoured sanity. On the other hand, it is inclined to be rough as well as honest, indifferent to form, often casual or slapdash. Fre- quently its fiction lacks both construction and the distinc- tion of style, since it stresses truth to life rather than the grace of art. A Hugh McCrae, who is a horn stylist, a delicate artist on words, startles because here he is almost unique. Like Australia itself, the writing often has little subtlety or spiritual depth. So, too, the novelists observe life sharply but superficially because they usually lack depth or imagination. We get Australian externals, not the univcrsals of human passion. Hence the imagina- tive and the universal are the more striking when they crop up in the novels of Henry Handel Richardson, Katharine Prichard, and Eleanor Dark or in the short stories of Henry Lawson and Frank Dalby Davison, of Gavin Casey and Alan Marshall. The literary achievement must be considered, of course, against the difficulties of its growth. To begin with, it has enjoyed only a very brief period of some 70 years for development, since a native literature only began in strength in the 1880s-and it took England a few centuries to produce a Shakespeare and a Dickens. Economically, our writers have had a hard row to hoe, since the small population and consequent small market have made any professional writing difficult, if not impossible. Only a few popular writers, like Ion L. Idriess and Frank Clune, have been able to make a living by writing books. Pioneering conditions and a harshly utilitarian outlook discouraged authorship for a long time, so that many writers ended their lives broken or disillusioned, like Harpur, Kendall Lawson Louis Stone, and Esson, or even committed suicide, like Gordon, Francis Adams, and Barcroft Boake. Australian isolation also made impossible as a rule the variety of cultural stimuli common in Europe. Only a few writers, and those excep- tional ones, like Richardson, Brennan, and McCrae drew upon European culture. Although Lawson learnt from Bret Harte and O'Dowd from Walt Whitman, the liter- ary influence from America has been very slight. The main influence was naturally English, and this was a handicap as well as, an ad- vantage on account of our colonial status Our literature has had to struggle to recon- cile such opposites as the English literaly heritage and the Australian environment. Our earliest writers were exiles, writing as aliens to the land. Native-born poets, like Harpur and Kendall, loved the country as Australians, but as writers they laboured under the influence of "home" tradi- tions. Not until the aggressive nationalism of the '90s, led by the "Bulletin" of Archibald and A. G. Stephens, did our writers lind a natural voice, original and not imitative. Yet the bush balladists, whilst they cut the literary painter, were often conscious of their colo- nialism, and as late as the 1940s the Jindyworobak movement was demanding that we write of our own en- vironment in our own tongue. TO-DAY our writing, al- though enriched by our English tradition, is naturally and easily Australian in sub- ject, outlook and treatment. But while our writers have shed the old colonial inferior- ity complex, it still clings to many readers. True, the position is improv- ing, largely because the writers have learnt how to be enter- taining as well as realistic, and developed to a stage where they can compete with overseas writers on even terms. Old prejudices, however, die hard, and probably no country in the world knows so little of its national literature as Australia. To-day American universi- ties and colleges study their own literature as a matter of course, but no single univer- sity here, not even the Austra- lian National University, has a full chair or lectureship in the national literature. Indeed, since our writers have not hit the headlines like our Melbas, Bradmans. and Hoads, most Australians do not realise how many Aus- tralian writers have estab- lished their reputations or won successes overseas. Henry Lawson, for example, has been acclaimed as a great short story writer by English, French, and Austrian critics, and his stories have been pub- lished in France, Austria, and Soviet Russia. The best of his stories have a universal appeal because of their human sympathy and understanding, their imagina- tion and humour. They are also original in form, since Lawson created a new type of story suited to his special purpose, which was not to tell an orthodox story but to focus revealing patterns of Austra- lian life and character. They are so Australian in spirit that Lawson still remains our most representative writer, just as Voltaire, Dostoievsky, and Cervantes are representative French, Russian, and Spanish writers as well as universal literature. OUR greatest novelist. Henry Handel Richard- son (Henrietta Robertson) fig- ures in international literary encyclopedias, and her two main novels, "Maurice Guest" and the great trilogy of "The Fortunes of Richard Mahony," have been translated into German, Danish, Swedish, and Czech. English critics in Somerset Maugham and Hugh Walpole have gone far in their praise, even to declaring that her novels are "great in the way that Tolstoy and Flau- bert are great." Despite defects in her style, no other Australian novelist approaches her in powerful architecture of form, the pitiless exploration of char- acter, the detailed rendering of emotions, and tragic in- tensity. KATHARINE SUSAN- NAH PRICHARD, per- haps our best novelist after Henry Handel Richardson, has gained a reputation overseas for the strength and social consciousness, the imagination and lyrical feel- ing found in the best of her novels, such as "Working Bul- locks" and "Coonardoo." Recognised, too, is the in- tegrity, craftsmanship, and sensitive understanding of Palmer, notably in "The Pas- sage." High praise was given by Arnold Bennett to M. Bar- nard Eldershaw's re-creation of Sydney in "A House is Built," and by H. G. Wells to Xavier Herbert's powerful story of the Northern Terri- tory, "Capricornia," whilst it was an American ctitic in Hartley C. Grattan who grew enthusiastic over that discur- sive classic of bullockies and Australianism, "Such Is Life," by Joseph Furphy ("Tom Col- lins."). It was also in America that the "New York Times" accorded the rank of an ani- mal classic to Frank Dalby Davison's "Man-shy," the beautifully written story of a red heifer which becomes a symbol of all aspiration for freedom. The honour of being the most widely translated Aus- tralian book goes to that chil- dren's classic, "Seven Little Australians," by Ethel Turner (Mrs. Curlewis), which has been published in more than a dozen countries and langu- ages. More recently a significant number of our novelists, such a Ruth Park, Jon Cleary, and T. A. G. Hungerford, to men- tion only a few, have proved their competence by success in England or America. Even the field of detective fiction has been invaded in America by an Australian writer in Arthur Upfield. In drama Douglas Stewart's moving play of the Scott Ex- pedition to the South Pole. "The Fire on the Snow," is undoubtedly among the very best of verse radio dramas in English. It has been broad- cast in Canada and New Zea- land as well as in Britain, where its B.B.C. producer hailed it as "one of the few important works of art which radio has so far produced." In London, Louis Esson's simple but poignant play, "The Drovers," was greeted as "a minor masterpiece," whilst other one-act plays of Esson, Sydney Tomholt, and other Australian playwrights have won their place in dram- atic collections abroad. AN Australian full-length play has even penetrated as far as Wales, where a pro- duction of "Fountains Be- yond," George Landen Dann's sympathetic treatment of our, aboriginal problem, toured the mining towns in 1950 and won a play festival in open com- petition. In poetry we have poets as good as the South African Roy Campbell, but none of them have won a similar inter- national reputation. Our poets have largely remained un- known in England, although Adam Lindsay Gordon was exalted by a bust in West- minster Abbey mistakenly entitled "Australia's National Poet," and Henry Kendall was admired in England, especially after he had been chosen for representation in Palgrave's authoritative anthology. IT is significant of the grow- ing reputation of our liter- ature abroad that the "Times Literary Supplement" has praised Robert D. Fitzgerald, our leading contemporary poet, highly, for his "impres- sive originality and achieve- ment," and last year proclaim- ed that few poets in England to-day had the narrative gifts shown by Douglas Stewart in "Sun Orchids" and by Francis webb in his "Leichhardt in Theatre." Australian literature has certainly come of age when even English critics rank our contemporary poets alongside the best of their own. In addition to the work recognised abroad, much good writing is known only at home. This has increased in diversity as in volume. The novel, for example, contains several main trends. The historical novel is seen at its best in Eleanor Dark's finely imagined series, "The Timeless Land," "Storm of Time," and "No Barrier," and the bush chronicle in the "Brent of Bin Bin" series and Miles Frankjin's "All That Swagger." The character of psycho- logical novel has had notable exponents in Richardson. Vance Palmer, Kenneth Mac- kenzie, and Jon Cleary. Social criticism is exempli- fied by Kylie Tennant's spirited "Tiburon," "The Battlers," and "The Joyful Condemned," by M. Barnard Eldershaw's sweeping "To- morrow and To-morrow," Ruth Park's "The Harp in the South," and Hungerfords realistic "Riverslake." Humour is well displayed in the earlier "On Our Selection" of Steele Rudd and Louis Stone's "Jonah." SO, too, after Lawson the short story branched out into the character studies of Frank Davison, Cecil Mann, Alan Marshall, Stewart, and Edith Anderson; into the social realism of Gavin Casey and John Morrison; the immigrant sketches of Judah Waten; the adventures of "Standby" and "Macneil"; and the humour of of Brian James and Dal Sti- vens. Along with Esson, Lomholt, Stewart, and Dann, already mentioned as playwrights, stand others such as Henrietta Drake-Brockman and Betty Roland. The documentary "Rusty Bugles" of Sumner Locke-Elliott has proved our must successful stage play, but easily the most im- portant dramatist is Douglas Stewart, with two stage plays in "Ned Kelly" and "Ship- wreck," and two radio plays in "The Fire on the Snow" and "The Golden Lover." all in fine verse. NO poet is pre-eminent in the way that Richardson is in the novel, Lawson in the short story, and Stewart in drama. The palm of our best poet has been variously awarded to Brennan, O'Dowd, McCrae, and John Shaw Neil- son, but most frequently to Brennan. With Brennan and O'Dowd as intellectual or philosophic poets are grouped William Baylebridge, Frank Wilmot ("Furnley Maurice"), Kenneth Slessor, and FitzGerald. The leading lyrists are McCrae, Neilson, Mary Gil- more, Douglas Stewart, and Judith Wright, who in recent years has written poetry that can hold its own with the best in England or America. Fine narrative poetry has come from Slessor, Fitz- Gcrald, Stewart, Webb, and Rosemary Dobson. The latter is also notable as a lyrical poet, along with Roland Robinson. James McAuley and A. D. Hope are con- temporary intellectuals, whilst Rex Ingamells has essayed ths epic. 