HOBART CONSUL HONOURED ON BOARD DUTCH FRIGATE npHE honorary Dutch Consul in Hobart (Mr. G. R. Swanton) yesterday . ; was decorated with the Order of the Orange Nassau in the captain's cabin of the visiting Dutch frigate H.M.N.S. van Kinsbergen. _ The ceremony was performed by the Dutch Ambassador in Australia (Mr. A- M. L. Winkel man). The Minister for Forests and Immigration then presented an address to. the ship's com- pany. The van Kinsbergen is in Tasmania at the invitation of the Tasmanian Government for a courtesy visit to celebrate the sesquicentenary of the State. The frigate is commanded by Commander F. Bruyn, and car- ries a complement of 172 offi- cers and men. The Ambassador is staying at the Wrest Point Hotel and last night attended a meeting of the Dutch community . at The Burgundy, Sandy Bay. On Wednesday and Thurs- day he will visit the Dutch communities near Burnie and Devonport. On Friday he will attend a State luncheon in Hobart and will return to Sydney on Sat- urday. Commander Bruyn yesterday called , on the Premier (Mr. Cosgrove), who later visited the ship. The ship will be open to visi- tors next Saturday.and Sunday from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. She is expected to sail about 5 p.m. on Sunday for Melbourne. The van Kinsbergen was launched in 1937 and commis- sioned, in September, 1939. She left for the West Indies for service in October, 1939, and while there sank 60,000 tons of German and Italian ship- ping. The ship has been stationed in New Guinea waters on patrol duty and arrived in Sydney on March 15 for refuelling. It, left for Hobart on March 18, and will leave next Sunday for Melbourne for docking. After docking in Melbourne, the van Kinsbergen will re- turn to patrol duty in New Guinea waters. The ship is named after a .Netherlands admiral who be- gan his service career in .the Army. Jan Hendrik van Kinsber- gen enrolled in the Army at the age of nine and- fought again l. the French in the years 1744-1747. He later joined the Navy, and at the request of Catharine II, Empress of Russia, fought with the Russians in a victorious battle in the Black Sea against the Turks. Itt 1775 he returned to the Netherlands and some years later was asked to conclude a peace treaty with the Sultan of Morocco. He distinguished himself In the battle of the Dogger Bank in 1781. Admiral van Kinsbergen ordered the naval harbour, of Nieuwediep to be' built when he was entrusted with the de- fence of the Dutch coastline. Nieuwediep is still the naval harbour of the Netherlands and has a training school for Dutch naval officers. * > When the Netherlands en- tered the war, with France in * 1793, he was appointed Com- mander-in-Chief of the Nether- lands Navy. Van Kinsbergen was the founder of the Royal Nether- , lands Marines, and of the naval gunners. In 1809 he joined the Danish Navy as an admiral. He died in 1819. An officer said yesterday that children under the age of six years will not be allowed on board unless they are attend- ed by an older person. He said a number of small children were.on.board in Syd- ney and caused considerable damage. 