Me can 9t he an Aussie only want a fair go from Australia. I'm not a criminal. I want to be a fair dinkum Aussie. This was the nlea to- day of Elo Hansen, 23, a Danish ex-seaman who has been told to get out of Australia. Although ho has been here over a year and has proved a good worker, the Immigration Department has told him to give up his job and go home. He holds a certificate of registration issued by the department in Darwin and a certificate of exemp tion authorising him to remain in Australia for six months from May 3. GOOD WORKER Hansen is a plant ODcra- tor on the Eildqn Weir project. " "His work has been per fectly satisfactory, ana we would be happy to go on employing him as long as cne .iod lasts,'' said tne personnel manager for the Jtah Construction Co.. Ltd.. Mr J. D. Sutclifle to day. Hansen deserted from the Norwegian tanker Brail al Melbourne on May 6, 1953. Last month he was fined £15 in the City Court for the offence. The Immigration Depart ment says it is only adopting standard proce dure to expel deserters. But a spokesman for Dal- gety and Co. Ltd., agents for the Brali, said many deserters were allowed to remain here. HERE AND THERE Here is Hansen's story: "Since I was 15 I have ben travelling the world, taking jobs here and there and then moving on. I deliberately jumped ship In Melbourne because I want ed to settle in Australia. "I think It Is a won derful country, and I want to be a good Aus tralian. I have a good job and 1 want lo stay. "After a month In Mel bourne I went up to Dar win to find work. I re- Eorted to the Immigration lepartment there, and told them I had deserted. "Thcv said I was free to stay, as there was no charge against me. and they gave me a certificate of registration. "After a while I came back to Melbourne. The Danish Consul's office again told me there was no charge against me, and that I could stay in Aus tralia. ' "Then last month I was taken before the court. "After I had paid my fine a man from tne Immigra tion Department gave me a certificate of exemption, and told me I could stay for six months. "But last week I got a letter from the department, saying I had to leave Aus tralia by the end of May. and that I had to give up my lob and wait in Mel bourne until there was a ship." HANSEN 