AFORMER Polish surgeon is working in Sydney as a storeman while he studies desperately for the Australian medica! degree he needs. He wears gloves at all times in his work. If you ask him why, he will tell you: "Zee hands of a good sur- geon'must be smooth as zee hands of a sheila/' ls it funny, or tragic? This series of articles has sought to present the migrant problem-and it is a problem-by direct contact with immigrants as well as by an approach to Government sources. Figures are important but so are people. Books could be written, and no doubt will be written, on our present clash of individuals and cultures, for this country has . plainly embarked on one of the great social experiments of history. Probably nothing short of a Royal Commission could show us the full picture as it is today. But some important conclusions are pos- sible. They do not always agree with the official conclusions. Here are the questions this survey . The most cursory examination of Australia's massive immigration programme soon shows that it has had brilliant successes, and some grave weaknesses. Eight hundred thousand immigrants in seven years ... if sounds impressive. But how many are being brought here who will not stay? If they do stay, how will we house them? And where will we get more immigrants, if we want them? This article the last in a series, examines these and other problems, and gives suck conclusions as have been possible from a survey lasting many months. sought to answer, and the answers, limited though they must be: . Has Australia succeeded in its im- migration plans? It has succeeded magnificently in bringing people to Australia-no other country can match its post-war effort. It has not succeeded so well in keeping them, or in assimilating those it has kept, despite the devoted efforts of many officials and civilians. . Can we go on bringing in people at the same rate as in recent years? Probably not. The Common- wealth's target figure for the present seems to be about 100,000 a year. . What kinds of immigrants have we had. AH kinds. They include in very rough groupings, about 45 per cent British from Britain; nearly 20 per cent froift Slavic countries; about 12 per cent German, Dutch and Baltic; about 10 per cent Italian; about 1.7 per cent Greek. . What immigrants will we get in future? We will have to look for them. According to The Sun Herald's London office, the Queen's tour has stimulated another wave of British migration, despite previous unfavour- able publicity about Australia. We should get some northern Europeans -mainly Dutch, German and Danish -but not many. Both Italy and Greece could send us more migrants than we have so far been prepared to take. . Should the quotas be different? We cannot get immigrants who do not want to come. But some of the present figures (Greeks only 1.4 per cent against Italians 10.7 per cent) seem disproportionate. . Are we losing many immigrants? wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Too many. We are paying millions of pounds to bring people to Aus- tralia who soon go home, dissatisfied, British and Dutch go home soonest. Some British migrant welfare groups claim that nearly 50 per cent of Bri- tish immigrants are going home, but the claim is difficult to accept. No de- tailed official figures are available. . What is the biggest weakness in oar immigration programme? Housing. The Commonwealth brings the immigrant here, does its best to help him get a job and teach him Eng- lish, but housing-"Oh, that's a State matter!" . What do the immigrants like least about our community? The shortage of homes. Rackets. Oiir liquor laws. . Is there more crime among immi- grants than among Australians? * Yes, despite official statements to the contrary. (This claim can be ^backed with gaol figures.) The proportion of violent crime among immigrants, particularly Poles, seem higher than among other immigrants or among Australians. . Who make the best immigrants? Young ones, no matter where they come from. Apparently we must ac- cept the fact that the first generation will be lost to us, in spirit at least. But the children are ours almost from the moment they come here. 