A widely travelled young Queenslander gives some helpful '"Australia's Ambassadors Abroad i By Peter R. I RYLANCE BRUSH up your Australian lore il' you're going to Europe The tremendous interest in Australia abroad means that every roving Australian is. subject to endless questions, from hundreds of. people of-, different back grounds, customs, and habit's, „ eager for a . "mutual exchange of ideas and explanations I of each other's way 'of life. 8 It sets one back, for example, to be asked, "what is made from kangaroo skins?" "what . is the length of the ski ing season on' Kosci-; usko?" and' "how much would I pay for a three- roomed house in Ade laide?" A Glasgow shipwright, thinking of migrating, wanted to know all about the housing situation; a Brighton jeweller asked me the Jewish popula tion of Brisbane; a Lan cashire farmer was in terested in the price of farm land: a Dutch chef asked what wages he could expect in Sydney; an Antwerp woolbroker wondered who was buy ing our wool, and a Dan ish architect inquired about current architec tural trends. Those are the types of nilPsfions vnn hauo fn ho prepared for. You probably don't know the answers and what's more you have probably . never given some of them a thought, but people w h o' are genuinely interested in these things will think you're incred ibly ignorant if you can't rattle off. these statistics, and many more. After all, you should know, you're Australian, aren't you? ALREADY, the ap- 1 proach of summer I in the Northern Hemis- | sphere is drawing the yearly flock of tourists from "Down Under." all bent on the discovery of new sights and unique experiences in this older world. For most Australians abroad it will be a dream come true— something they have talked about and worked hard, for a long time to achieve. They will see the sum mer sun bring back the emerald richness to the English fields, and they will see the colourful splendour of Holland in" poppy time. In France, now, the grapes, are ripening, the sidewalk cafes are filling, and there seems to be laughter in everyone's hpavt To most Australian travellers, it seems un believable at first that they are in London. Most of them will be young, and not many will have a great deal of money. THEY'LL follow the well-heeled tracks around London, then they will visit the Youths Hostels Associa tion in Bedford Street, buy a rucksack, and sel off along the Great "West Road to begin hitch- hiking their way to wards a" -series of adven tures they'll never for get. Most hitch-hikers sew an Australian flag on their pack (though it comes as a rude shock to find how few recognise it) as visual evidence that they come as am bassadors from abroad. In light of the questions one is asked "ambassa dor" is scarcely ade quate. One feels that plenipotentiary is per haps nearer the mark. Too many set off from- home eager to absorb as much as" they can of the countries they are to visit, but quite unprepared for the fact that foreigners are as interested in our world :.s we are in theirs.. There are also quite a few misconceptions to < be overcome. I'm sure some dear old English ladies picture Austra lians as barbarians who , live in corrugated iron vlean-to's. They seem , very surprised to find us quite civilised and harm less. It's harder still to get the idea across that our standard of living is actualy higher than that of Britain. J>UT there are five things about Aus tralia you can rely on everyone in Britain knowing — the kangaroos v (what would we "do without them) . the, Syd ney. Harbour Bridge. Woomera, six- o'clock closing, and Wagga Wagga ( a name in which they find -an irresistible source of humour at the .same .'.time unable to understand what we see amusing in -the likes of Chipping Sudbury, Mid- dleton One Rower, Half penny Ho!). The difficulty is thai they are not content with the little they know, and so the questions follow rapidly, "Tell me the population of Perth?" "How many pipe bands are there in Brisbane?' "How many Soccer teams has Sydney?' "What is the aboriginal IIMtl Hill Mill lllliriMIMIIIIIfMUIIIMMM population?" "How mu«?b would a twelve-foot shark - weigh?" It's possible to ward off questions with a lot of bluffing, but you usually feel so dumb not knowing the correct answers that afterwards you -make it your busi ness to find out. Con sequently most Aus tralians agree that they learn more about Aus tralia during their few years away from it than they ever would at home. ONE Australian had thoughtfully brought IIIIHIHIMMMIMIHIIIIIUItUHHIHIHIimillltllinillMllillHim with him a Government produced booklet "Know Australia" which gave him most of the data necessary to answer those endless questions and satisfy those hungry ears. Behind a large per centage of British probes lurks the idea of immi gration, and it is up to our tourists to do all they can to "sell" Aus tralia to - prospective immigrants. Many Britishers have some big doubts which are hard to dispel. The housing problem takes first place on ray list oC popular questions. Then, of course. there is .cousin Reggie who's been out to Australia, but who came back dis gruntled. You feel, at this stage, that you're being held - personally responsible for Reginald's dis illusionment.. - all the time thinking he's prob ably a ne'er-do-well who expected to make an easy fortune in our "land of promise." YES, there's more in this business of being an "oversea- visi tor" than we at first realise. We need all the tact - we can muster, . supported by as many . facts and figures as we can manage if we're to leave a favourable im pression of our country. So, if you are con templating a trip over seas, brush up your Australian lore, put ou your best manners and prepare to join the ranks of our roving ambassadors oi good will, friendship and. understanding. In these small ways you can help in the foundation of a more closely - uniind - free world. - iiiMiifiiiHtMiiiiiiiMiihiiiminimiiitiiiiiimiimiiiitiiMiutiihimMt PKTKK ISYJLAMT.. son of a Brisbane architect. is 22. a I' o l in o i student of Toowooniba Grammar School. lie lias hitch hiked through Europe, a haversack on his back, staying at youth hostels, doing odd jobs, and getting a wealth of experience. With the Australian's native gii'e for improv isation, lie worked his passage to Canada oh- a cattle boat, and became a swimming instructor in Montreal. Now, a year after leav- ing_ Brisbane, he is seeing the United States. 