THE WORLD IN BRIEF Police in Sicily have \ arrested a tailor, who is alleged to have sent accomplices to rob his clients' homes while they were being fitted in his shop. The ar- rest took place after a woman client felt faint half - way through a fitting, and went home to find four men in her bed- room.-A.A.P. * Jamaica plans fresh: successes in the world's, vacation industry by set- ting up a revitalised tourist board independent of Government control. -A.A.P. * Charges of bribery and corruption, which have rocked Government and business circles in Tokyo, are giving Japanese pri- vate detectives the big- gest boom in history. More than 1,000 detec- tives employed by 50 companies are working overtime to cope with the flood of investiga- tions ordered by suspic tous clients. - Ä.A.P." * A spokesman for the Japanese National Safety Agency (Army) said it was considering the establishment of a. para- troop regiment. He said 20 to 30 officers would be sent to Kyushu in South- ern Japan this year for training with American paratroop units. - A.A.P. ? The Power Gas Cor- poration of Stockton-on Tees, Durham (Eng- land) has secured a con- tract worth £1,000,000 for building a chemical plant "in the face of very keen American competi- tion" near Sydney. ? Kenya is exporting several hundred tons of best quality frozen beef to Russia. This ls the first time Kenya has ex- ported beef - A.A.P. ? . '* Debate ou the* Berlin conference in the House of Commons has con- vinced many people in Britain that Sir Winston Churchill is more opti- mistic than Mr. Anthony Eden, his Foreign Secre- tary, about its effects on the cold war. The Prime Minister, with his un- paralleled experience of men, affairs, and political Esychology, appears to ave read into the Rus- sian attitude more favor- able signs that there ap- peared to be on the sur- face.-A. A.P. ? American marine doc- tors stationed in Japan have set up a large re- search project in an effort to eliminate the danger of scrub typhus. -A.A.P. i Sir Winston Churchill's call for more trade be tween thc East and West has stimulate d interest all over Eur- ope. From Fra n c c came news of a plan for a big ex p o r t drive to Commu n ist coun- tries. West German y has signi- fied her will In g ness to send more food to the East, while Mosco w Kamo ana Budapest Radio featured the trade aspect of Sir Winston's speech made in the House of Com- mons. East German of " ficials are casting their eyes West in seeking to expand exports of East Germany's industrial po $tehtial. This has been greatly increased by Russia's recent return to the State of more than 30 requisitioned enter- prises. - A.A.P. ? - ; ' ? Trade and financial talks between Britain and Hungary will open in London on March 15, a British Board of Tradé.. spokesman said.-A.A.P. ? Atom scientist Sir Wil- liam Penney has arrived back in London by air from New York after a fortnight in Canada. He said the whole tour was devoted to defence prob- lems, and was "very routine."-A.A.P. ? A fire which 'destroyed a year's supply of hops in a ? huge brewery ware . house at Burton-on Trent, was still burning after 40 hours. Damage of more than £500,000 was caused.-A.A.P. Severe penalties; in- cluding up to 14 years' rigorous imprisonment, are provided for anyone accepting or offering a bribe under a new law which comes into force in Ceylon on March 1. Router's. ? Sometime before spring, 1954, a most important personage will arrive In Canada, though he. or she will not know at the time just how important this new arrival is to Canada. This will be the one mil- lionth immigrant to enter the Dominion since the Second World War. The British .' Foreign Office is making a formal request to the Spanish Government for the ex . tradition of William San- chez de Pinar ' Hepper, 62, artist, to face a charge in London of murdering an 11-year-old girl. Hep- per, ls held in a prison at San Sebastian, where he has been visited by Bri- tish detectives.-A. A.P. * Thfi Jananes? Govern ment has decided to send an . arms and ammuni- tions team to the United . States to study American arms production tech- nique for three months. -A.A.P. More than 125,000 Muscovites have volun- teered in the lasf fexa 1 days to work on the land in Siberia and Central Asia, the official Soviet News Agency Tass re- ported. It said that more than 6,000 inhabit- ants of Leningrad, and more than 11,000 in- habitants of the Ukraine had "answered the call of ¡ patriotic duty."-A.A.P. * ' ; The Indian Health Ministry has prepared a scheme for training auxi- liary medical workers in . -view of the acute short- age of medical personnel in the country.-A.A.P. A prison without bars is the Danish prison authorities' answer to the problem of the "dead end kids." These are probably as numerous in Copenhagen and other large Danish towns, and as troublesome to 1 the police, as anywhere in the world. -A.A.P. 