PETROV TELLS OF MEETINGS WITH FORMER M.V.D. MAN Paid Him £20 For Information Received ANOTHER WITNESS REFUSES TO ANSWER QUESTIONS ^ Melbourne, July 21.—Vladimir Petrov told the espionage Royal Commission to- day that he had six meetings with a bearded former M.V.D. (Soviet Secret Service) man at Collingwood station and in a nearby park until June last year.* Petrov said he traced the ex-M.V.D. man through his former employment at a girls' school in South Yarra. The alleged ex-Russian agent is Andreyvich Friedenbergs, of Collingwood, a Latvian born immigrant. Called to the witness box, Friedenbergs said that Petrov's story was fantastic. He denied ever having met Petrov. Earlier to-day Frederick George Godfrey Rose a former Cambridge University graduate—now a King Island farmer—refused to answer 24 questions put to him by the judges and junior counsel assisting the commission, Mr. G- Pape.' One of the questions he refused to answer was whether he had been employed as a meteorologist with the Commonwealth Government in Western Australia in 1940. The chairman of the commission Mr. Justice Owen, told Mr. W. J. Windeyer Q.C., senior counsel assisting the comission, that he should take appropriate steps to infrom the Crown Solicitor that a witness had refused to answer questions at the in- quiry. (Section 6 of the Royal Commission Act provides for a penalty of £500 for each question a witness refuses to answer when put to him by any of the commissioners.) Four Others Named The names of four other people were mentioned at the inquiry yesterday. They were: Walter Seddon Clayton — New Zealand born. He was described by Mr. Windeyer as leading Communist who was a vital witness but could not be traced. Conscience Miss June Barnett — described in questions by Mr. Pape to Rose as a former Communist and cadet in the Department of External Atfairs, and who was questioned for half an hour by Clay ton 1 at a Canberra house party to give information to the Communist Party. Mr. George Legg e — Mr. Pape asked Rose whether Legge had introduced him (Rose) to Miss Barnett. A Mrs. Blunden, of Canberra—a sister of Miss Barnett—whose name Mr. Pape mentioned when asking Rose whether he had picked her house as a place to introduce Clayton and Miss Barnett. Rose refused to answer questions after saying: "I wish to say that although completely innocent of any wrongdoing ai order to protect my acquaintances, friends and myself my conscience compels me to refuse to answer." One oi the questions he refused to answer was: "Were you in 1947, as a member of the Northern Territory development section of the Department of Postwar Reconstruction concerned with a committee known as the rocket bomb committee!'* After Rose's refusal to answer the court adjourned. Petrov was recalled to the box immediately after lunch. Petrov said that before he left Russia he was shown M.V.D. files* which gave Friedenbergs the Russian code name of "Sigma." The files, he said, showed that Friedenbergs had given information to the M.V.D while he was in Latvia and again in Denmark. Petrov said that when he came to Australia he went to Merton Hall, a Church of England Girls' grammar school, where Friedenbergs had been employed as a kitchenman, and a woman directed him to Friendenbergs' Collingwood address. Petrov said that Friedenbergs gave him information about Latvian organisations in Melbourne and members of the Latvian community. He paid him £20 for the information. Now cleanshaven, Friendenbergs, from the body of the court, asked Petrov how he now identified him and Petrov replied: "By your face, your hair and your voice." Triple Spy From the witness box Friedenbergs said that Danish Communist newspapers had abused him, and that if a Soviet agent had gone to his Melbourne home he would have "turned him out." "I would not give information to a Soviet agent," said Friedenbergs. "J would not play the role of a double or triple spy. I am working hard in Australia. "I am accused of being a spy in every country. I am accused of being a triple spy in 14 years. "If I had been a spy in 1939 or 1940 then the Russians would not have deported my two sisters, my brother, my stepmother and my father to Siberia.'' The inquiry was adjourned until to- morrow. 