TRAPPtD TWO MEN SPIES ...AND A WOMAN |BSHBVHHHHIp^BpsWiHPP^HMsMB-sMtWHMH^HM - ?Jsv»laSssB^WsWMsd»lijB^[iBtiBsf5sM A TthjB Old Bailey in June 1941 1 ap -^ peared for the Crown in the prose cution Hit two men who had been^ent to Scotland by the Germans in a seaplane. The^. had little or no defence to charges under the Treachery Act, but their counsel made the best of a very bad case. The facts spoke for themselves. The seaplane, Which took off in Nor way, came down on the sea near the little fishing port of BucMe, in Banff shire. The two men, who were called Drueke and Walti, had with them a woman passing under the name of Mine. Erik son. Together they paddled themselves ashore in a rubber dinghy, and then they separated. At 7.30 that morning — it was September 30, 1940 —Drueke and Mme. Erik son reached Port Gordon station. Meeting the stationmas ter in the booking-hall, - they asked him the name of the station. The man then went to the time table, which was on a board, put his finger on the name Port Gordon, and then ran it down the list of stations between El gin and Forres. The woman then asked for two tickets to Forres. Was odd The stationmaster thought it^very odd that two people should arrive in the early morning 'at a station without knowing where they were,* and without apparently having any clear idea where they wanted to go. But there were other odd things lie noticed. The man's trousers and shoes were wet, as were the shoes of the woman — and it was a dry morning. Secondly, the man spoke with a strong foreign ac cent. The stationmaster thought he ought to in form the police. He did so, and the local police constable, whose name was Grieve, came over to the station. Grieve -went ? up to the strangers and asked to see their identity cards. The man produced his. which was in the name of Francois de Deeker. Grieve noticed at once that the numeral '1' was written with a long tail to it, quite unlike the way an Englishman would write it. He then asked them then- nationality; to which the ?woman replied: 'He is Belgian. I am Danish.' Grieve then asked for then* passports, and Drueke produced his, which was made out in the same name as his identity card. But Grieve, who was a Scot and a highly intel ligent man, noticed there was no immigration stamp. He asked where they came from, and the woman, who did most of the talking, ans wered that they had -come from London. . Grieve then asked where they had stayed overnight, and to this the woman replied — a hotel in Banff. Grieve asked for the name of the hotel, and received no' ans wer beyond a shrug of the shoulders. Grieve then asked how they had got to Port Gor don. The woman replied that they had hired a taxi from Banff to within a mile of Port Gordon, and then walked to the station. It is not surprising that Grieve asked the couple to accompany him to the police station. ? When they arrived there the woman confessed she had lied. They had landed, she said, from a small boat which was in charge of a man called Anderson. 'WeU, where is the boat?' Grieve asked. *lt has returned to Ber gen,' she said. Inspector Simpson now took over the investiga tion. He searched Drueke and found on him £327 in Eng lish notes, 19 rounds of re volver ammunition and some German sausage. The inspector then forced open Drueke's suitcase. In side was a Mauser with six rounds in the magazine, two cardboard discs, a list of bomber and fighter stations in the eastern counties, and a radio transmitter and receiver. Drueke and-Madame Erik son were taken into cus tody. No reply Walti, the other man, was at liberty for jnost of that day. He went to Buckpool station, where he was told by the porter that if he wanted an earlyitrain to Aberdeen he would have to go to Buckie, the next station. At Buckie he was ob served by a porter study ing a timetable. The porter had asked him, 'Have you lost a train, sir?' Walti did not reply but produced a single ticket for Edinburgh, and at 10.4 boarded a train for Aberdeen. The reason for his silence became obvious at the trial, for like. Drueke he spoke English with a strong ac cent. At Edinburgh, however, -which he reached at S o'clock that afternoon, he asked a porter to leave his suitcase in the left luggage office for him. He said he was going to London that night, and the porter told him to be back at the sta tion by nine, Walti said he relied on him to make him comfortable, and then went off into the town to have a haircut and visit the cinema. It is odd that none of the porters at Buckpool, Buckie or Edinburgh noticed anything suspici ous, especially as the suitcase was wet. But by this time the police were hot on Walti's frail. Waiting The Buckie coastguard had picked up the rubber dinghy, and Drueke and Madame Erikson had dis closed that there was a third member of their party. He was quickly traced through to Edinburgh station, where Inspector Sutherland arrived only about 10 minutes after Walti had left It was not long before he had opened the suitcase and found inside another radio set and its acces sories in perfect order, two more circular discs, a graph book with German addresses and a small notebook containing code signs with explanations written in German. Needless to say, the police -were waiting at 9 o'clock that night for Walti to collect his lug gage. Sure enough he came. He went up to the same porter, and giving him his left luggage ticket said: 'Ton can make me comfortable now.' Two large men closed in on either side of him. He reached for his left pocket, But one of the detectives was before him and drew out a loaded pistol. '1 am not a German,' Walti said. 'I am Swiss.' It was probably true, but it made no difference. A code He was searched. He had on him about £194 hi notes, a Swiss passport, a compass, a case containing 11 maps which were Ger man reproductions of the English ordnance survey, and an Identity card with the same mistake in the formation of the numeral '1.' It described him as 'Werner H. Walti, 23, Sus sex Gardens, London, W2.' He also carried, I need hardly add, a German sausage. The prosecution proved these facts at the trial. They called expert wit nesses, who stated that both radio sets were in working order and could . send and receive messages between this country and the Continent. They said that Walti's graph showed the various wavelengths which corre sponded with the figures on the main dial. They explained the meaning of the card board discs. These re volved on each other, and as each had on it the letters of the alpha bet they formed a simple transposition code. Drueke had made a statement to the police. He said he meant to go to London, hand over his radio set to a man who was to meet him there, and then register as a Bel gian and stay over here until he had perfected his English, which he had only learned at school. After that he would go back home. But as he chose not to give evidence, he could not be questioned on the truth of this state ment. Threats Walti, on the other hand, went into the witness-box. His story was that he had helped some rich Jews to escape from Antwerp to the French frontier. On his return to Ant werp he found three men in his room. They threatened him with a long term of im prisonment in Germany unless he agreed to go to England and hand over a suitcase to somebody in Victoria station. He agreed, he said, but did not intend to carry out bis bargain. He planned to escape German punishment by merely leaving the luggage in London, and at the same time he would have done nothing to harm England. I cross-examined him. How would he recognise the man he was to meet at Victoria Station? The man would be wearing, a grey suit with a Ted line in it, he had a scar on bis forehead, and he would say: 'I am coining from Glasgow.' Why, then did he have a loaded pistol? It was handed to -him before he boarded the seaplane. He was told to give it to the man with the' radio. Angry He did not know it was loaded and he had forgot ten all about it; if he had remembered, he would have thrown it away: Walti went on to say that he did not know the case contained a radio until he got to Scotland. He was angry with the Germans but too frightened to ap proach the authorities. 'Are you asking these members of the jury to be lieve,' I asked, 'that you landed in this country from a German plane, got into a rubber boat, waded ashore in the early hours of the morning, walked to' Buckie Station, and. went from there to Aberdeen, and from there to Edin burgh, were intending to travel down to London, and, all the time you were intending to double-cross the Germans?' — 'Yes.' 'And yet you never mentioned to anyone in this country, until yon were caught what yon were carrying. That is the fact, is it not?'— 'Yes.' There waa another re markable fact- about Walti's story. His passport showed no sign that he had ever been to Belgium. The judge made a care ful survey of the evidence, but the jury were not out for long. They found both Drueke and Walti guilty, and they were duly sen tenced to death and exe cuted in Wandsworth in August, 1941. Madame Erikson was not prosecuted. It may be that she was able to be of some use to our authorities. NEXT WEEK : The American who copied Churchill's telegrams. From the sedplane, they paddled ashore in a rubber A dinghy . . . land- ? ing a short tvay from Buckie, a Scottish fishing pbrt. 