Editorial What's in a name? Every week, in some part of Australia, aliens are becoming Australian citizens. More and more new settlers from European countries are shedding former allegiances and are becoming Australians as surely and as completely as if they had been born in this land. They are shedding their allegiance; they are not shedding their names. With the words of the Presiding Office.— You are now an Australian citizen and a British subject"—an alien to Australia becomes a citizen of Australia. There ts a complete change in his status; but there is no change in his name. Pieter van Pelt the Dutchman becomes P'ster van Pelt the Australian. , Sometimes we are apt not to appreciate fully the change in status that citizenship confers. A Melbourne newspaper recently published a picture of the Lord Mayor greeting new citizens and the caption read: "Here the Lord Mayor congratulates Mr. Ohaim Tabacznik, a Pole, after the cermony. Of course, in law and in fact, after the naturalization ceremony Mr. Ohaim Tabacznik was an Australian. We write this editorial as a caution to fellow Australians against perpetuating the wrong notion that because a person has a fo-eign name ht may be presumed to be a ^foreigner. So, we pose the old question "What's in a name?" and we presenl a few facts for consideration. Do you know what is the most common surname in Scotland? McKenzie? Mcintosh? No, it is Smith, plain Smith. And what do these names convey to you? Stahle. Swartz. Salvana. Schmidt. Schonell. Spielvogel. Can you identify the nationalities? Here are some clues. Stahle is a distinguished doctor. Swartz is a member of the Federal Parliament. Salvana is an artist. Schmidt is an expert on patents. Schonell is an educationist. Spielvogel is an author. All were born in Australia, and all are to be found listed in the pages of "Who's Who in Australia." We speak of foreign names but what is a foreign name? What, for that matter, is a true-blue English name or a dinkum Aussie name? Must it be of Celtic origin or will we allow the names of England's Saxon and Danish immigrant-conquerors to pass the test? Then what aboirt the names brought in with William I and the Norman French? Or the Huguenots who were established in England centuries ago? Don't let us delude ourselves. We of British stock come from a polygot mixture, a mixture of nations, natures and names. The finished result seems to be fairly satis actory, satisfactory enough to have founded the greatest empire in history and to be a power for good in the world. Hundreds of our migrants are becoming British from choice which is a compliment to us and our way of life. I? they want to keep their own name they do—and rightly so. We can return the compliment by doing them the courtesy of making a decent effort at pronouncing their names correctly. And at not being so ready to brand as "foreigner" anyone who has a., "foreign-sounding" name. Remember that whatever names these newcomers bear, whatever names their children bear, they will grow up just as much Australian as the A.I.F. man who won the V.C. in Borneo during Word War II. A man named Starcevich, born in Western Australia. 