COMPLETE DENIAL Latvian At Spy Inquiry ELBOUKINL, July 21. — A Latvian migrant denied to the Espionage Royal Com mission ;to-ilay some evidence given earlier in the day by Vladimir Petrov [he was a former M.V.D . agent and had given him information about a Latvian uiisation. ^ The migrant was Andrey Friedenbergs, who said he had seen Petrov the first time to-day. He said that if he had been an M.V.D. agent his family Id not have been sent to Siberia. He would have thrown out of his house any iet agent who come there. Petiov told the commission he had been instructed in Moscow to locate Friedenbergs in Australia. The MVD had cpted a letter from Fr.vjdenbergs to his sister in Latvia and this had given his address as MertonhaM, the fashionable school in South Yarra. Petrov said he had found Friedenbergs' living at Collingwood, a Melbourne suburb, and 'had | him to supply information about Latvian organisations. This information had been sent to Moscow and he had Friedenbergs Xiv. -rtrk of keeping in nib Friedenbergs hud jndert over to Platkal*. to Australia in Jan l«52, as an attache ant1 ncrker under Petrov. -aid Pialkais told him cformaiN'n given ..*? .{jergs had been taki-:: iti-an newspapers. ;o-dov another wil reierick George Godfrr: a Cambridge University e, refused to answer « and was ordered from ;es: box. r j. Windeyer, Q.C., as the commission, said he tring belore the Crown -p2rtmcnt Rose's refusnj rer questions. :old the commission | farmer, ol' King Island. I c he graduated in nut- 1 anthropology and j'.ogv and secured r-n ffrtr ;ii Cambridge. n conn- to Australia in I tc had accepted employ uLi :1k' Commonwealth j rani. Rose told th'1 1 L«iCf ' Although com-i :r.j;ocrnl of any wror.;{ 1 j. ordrr lo protect ac- , r;:c- :ncMids and myself science lolls me I should r.j further questions.' rned By Judge R.ji' persisted in re* a uiisv.'.T questions tnc yv, chairman, ? JVJr. J Jis,-, iol-i him he isis :ji8 j:: ufTtiiicc evert ? li/i'iinns Rose rcfuj v. eve whether ho i.i-l juniL-cI June Bar ii.-\ in b(* u jormrr the Communist ..i;«'lher ho had left :r?.'i'iv.tu!th service in ,v. ';rytr lold the con- :ij'. Walter Seddon r- member of the Ccn of the Com rr.r:v m 1949 could not :?-! Muestioning bc 1'r.aevir said Clayton villi! information mission and 'some know Of lli-% r ci yiT said Clayton -? /---il:inder who, be -? l . :,:i 1939. was a pro ior the Com r-r:» in Melbourne. ; V\c public hear Mr. Windeyer, Q.C., assisting the commission, told their Honours that a man navned Walter Seddon Clayton, who had been summoned to at tend to give evidence, could not be lnund. It had been impossible to affect service of the summons and consequently impossible to notify Clayton that at some stage his name might come be fore the commission. Mr. Win deyer said. * Hc is. we believe, a person who may have information oi vital importance to the inquiry and it is for that reason I refer to the matter. Some people may know of his whereabouts or if he is not aware that we are looking for liim. he may be made aware by the publication ol his name.' Clayton was born in New Zealand and came to Victoria ?n about 193G. He was secre tary of the Xo. 2 section oi the Communist Party and a mem ber of the No. 4 district com mittee of the Communist Party in 1938. 'Between 1836 and 1939. he was a prominent speaker foi the Communist Party in Mel bourne and there might be peoplo who had known him there who would recognise him.' Mr. Windeyer added. He went to Sydney early in 1929 and was a member of the N.S.W. State Committee of the Communist Party and, he thought, sales director, of the Tribune newspaper. In 1949 he was a member' of the Central L'ommittec of the Communist Party. From 1946 until 1949, !i« was a member of what was ailed the Central Control Com mission of the Communist Party. ? Photo Published A nhotograph of bim was pub lished in the Tribune on Octo ber 3, 1C39, and was available for publication. It appeared that CUyton u'as c frequent speaker at Commun ist Party meetings and there fore there might be some per son who could give the com mission information as lo his present whereabouts. '!f so. I ask such person to communicate with Mr. Mahony or any other officers of the Commonwealth Crown Solici tor's Office.' said Mr. Windeyer* Mr. 'Windeyer then called 1'rederick George Godfrey Rose tc the witness box. Max Julius, a member of the Queensland bnr, was granted permission to appear for Rose, i Rose refused to take an oath and made an affirmation. But i when Mr. Jysticc Owen reached ; the words 'and v that 1 will answer truthfully all questions asked of me,' Rose hesitated - and did not complete the affirm- ( ation. Mr. Justice Owen: You undei- i stand that, don't you ? i Rose: I quite understand, Your Honour. t 'Then will you repeat these r word:; after me?' Mr. Justice Owen asked. Mr. Justice Owen then repeated t& affirmation and Rose complied with the in struction. ? Cambridge Graduate Before he began his evidence, Rose was standing in the wit ness box with his liands in the pockets of his overcoat. Mr. Justice Owen: Take your hands out of your pockets. i Mr. G. A. Pape, junior coun- t sel to Mr. Windeyer,' Rose said I he was a farmer sof King Island, in Bass Strait. He was a Brit- t ish subject, born in London and first came to Australia in 1937. He received his education in ( England and was a graduate of i Cambridge University. At the , university he studied natural sciences anthropology and ar chaeology and graduated a ?' Master of Arts.' ' Mr. Pape: When you came to Australia in 1937, you were employed by the Common- ' wealth Government in various ' capacities? Rose: Your Honour ... Mr. Pape: What js y«uir an swer? 1 Rusp: 1 want to make a utaU*- ' ment ? Mr. Justice Owen: You will : answer the question. 1 Rose: May I have permission - lo make a staterm-nlV His Honour: You will answer I the question. Continue on. - Mr. Pape: When you came to i Australia, did you accept em- ; ployment with the Common wealth Government? — Yes. 1 | did. ! wish to make a state ment. I wish to say that al though completely innocent ol uny wrongdoing, in order to protect my acquaintances. « friends and myself, my con- « science says that 1 should an- 1 swer no more questions. 1 ? Conscience Compels - Mr. Pape: In 1940 you were employed as a meteorologist under the Commonwealth Gov- . ernment in Western Australia? — I refuse to answer. Mr. Pape: On what grounds? —1 have just made a statement. ; to the chairman of the commis sion that in order to protect ; my acquaintances, friends und myself., my conscience compels me to refuse to answer. Mr. Justice Owen: That is no ground. If vou have some good ground . . . ; rtose: My consclcncc. I His Honour: ttfc are not con ccined with your conscience. You have made an affirmation to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. And you are now being nsked about the nature of your employment with the Common wealth Government.— I refuse to answer. His Honour: Were you in 1940 employed as a meteorolog ist by the Commonwealth Gov ernment?— I refuse lo answer . any more questions. \ Mr. Pape: In 1947. were you j employed under the Common wealth Government in the Dp- ! partment of Post War Recon* I struction? — I refuse to answer, j Mr. Justice Owen to Mr. ( Pape: Repeat the «;ors;iun. - j ! Mr. Pape did so, but Rose j again refused to answer. | I Mr. Justice Owen to Mr. j I Pape: Ask your next question. : Mr. Pape: Were you also in j ( 1947 a member of the Northern j j Territory Development Section ? of the Department of Post War j j Reconstruction? j ; ? Fears Charge j | Rose: I refuse to answer. 1 ! i have made a statement to the j i effect that in order to protect j hmy acquaintances, friends and ; | myself, although I am com- | | pletely innocent . . - [ Mr. Justice Owen: Why do j j vou feel that you will imperil j ; yourself? ! Eosc1 Because a charge may bt laid against me. His Honour: What chtirse': — I have no idea. ~ Mr. Justice Owen to Mr. ( Pape: Ask your next question. Mr* Pape: In 1947, as a mem ;ier of the Northern Territory Development Section of the 'spartznent of Post War Recon struction, were you concerncC A'ith a committee known as the Rocket Bomb Committee? Rose stood silent in the box until Jdr. Justice Owen .asked sharply: 'What is your - lnswerT1 Rose: I have alreadystold you I refuse to answer any more : juestipus. Mr. Pape: Did you resign - from the Commonwealth Gov ernment's employment in lwarch : :his year ? Again Rose stood silent and ; again Mr. Justice Owen asked ; sharply: 'What is your answer?' Rose replied: I have told you .hat I refuse to answer any i nore questions. ; ? Girl Mentioned Mr. Pape: Do you know a girl i railed June Barnett?— I reluse j ,o answer. 1 Mr. Pape: Did you meet iter - n Canberra in 1948 ? - Mr. Justice Owen: Do you re- s :use lo answer that ? Rose: I do. j ] Mr. Pape: Was she then a i 1 ;adet in the Department of Ex- : :crnal Affairs, studying at Can- : borra University ? — I refuse to j ; .-.nswer me question. I don't i ' :hink it is any use asking me any more questions. , Mr. Justice Owen: You realise ; Lhat every time you refuse to I ; inswei' ;i question, you commit ! offence ? l Mr. Julius, for Rose: That nay not follow while the valid- ' ity ol the Royal Commission Act is in doubt. Jvir. Kipe: W; .-c you inl.o- ; iuccd to this ^irl by George 1 Lugge.? , Rose: Til answer i.mro , questions. Mr. Pane: Do you know that , toward the end ol 1949 Miss . Burnett completed her studies jnd was posted to the United Nations Scction ol the Depart- - ment ol External Affairs ? — I ; refuse to answer. , Mr. Pape: Do you know that Miss Barnett joined the Com- i munist Party in Western Aus tralia In 1944 and in 1945 be- i same a memoer ol the Camber- ; well, Melbourne, bnmeli of the i iiarty? — Silence. ? Questions Repeated Mr. Justice Owen continu ally repealed th»_' question ask- ; 2d or stated: 'Do wc understand j Lhat by yuur silence you reluse Lo answer'.'' to which Rose con- ^ tinually i*eplied 'Yes' or 'I ? tio' or '1 said in my statement earlier I refuse to answer any further questions.' Mr. Pape then continued with j bVi ivs of questions: Dc you know she resigned from the party in 1948 ? In 1950 were you approached in Canberra by an official irom the Communist Party Irom Syd ney, asking you to arrange a meeting between that person and Miss Barnett ? Did you arrange any .such meeting ? Did Miss Barnett and her sister, a Mrs. Blunding. come to j your home at Ca«i^rra in the ecrly part of 1950. and have dinner with you and your wiie? Wl.ile they were at your homi. did any person or official ol 'he Communist Party ask lo introduced l:y you to Miss Barnett? Did Misi. Barnett leave for j about half an hour in tnc com- , pan} cf this person? j Did Miss Barnett, on return j to your home, say that she had I teen asked to supply the Com- j munist Party with information - relating tc the Department of i External Affairs? ! Do you know the identity of ; the man to whom Miss Barnett! was introduced? And was that .nan Walter 1 Seddon Clayton? M.. Justice Owen then arked Rose ii he knew,- a man called Walter Seddon Clayton, and ' Eos: replied that he had stated ; that he refused to answer any 1 ^jestions. Mi. pape then asked Rofc if he kr.ew other members of the Communist Party in 1050, and il he had discussions with rfficeri. of the Communist Party in Sydney about obtaining in formation from the Department of External Affairs. Mr. Pape then asked: 'Arc you a member oi the Commun ist Party, and are you what might be called an under-covcr member of the Communist Party?' 'Mr. Julius said he regarded the questions as irrelevant, and said he did not think it was proper to raise them. He maintained that whether his client was a member of the Communist Party or any other party had nothing to do with the inquiry. But Mr. Justice Dwen said he thought the question was relevant, and allowed it to be asked. Mr. Pape then asked Hoie liow he thought his friends cculd be implicated \ y his answering whether he was a ?ncmber of the Communist Party, but Rose refused to answer. He also declined lo answer whether, since lie had been served wiLh a summons at King Island on July 14. to appear be fore the commission, he had had any discussion with mem bers of the Communist Party. ? Appropriate Steps ?Mr. Justice Owen then asked Rose whether he had been ap proached by some individual who had asked to be introduced to a per&u; from the Depart ment oi External Affairs. Rose: 1 have made .ny po.ii Lior. quite clear. 1 rclu.se to answ'Cr that. A; i. Justice Owen then told Mr. Windeyer that he should lake appropriate .steps to in form the Crown Solicitors that a fitness had refused to answer questions before the commi.s sion. Mr. Windeyer said that he ihould make it quite clcur that Mr. Pape would have asked more questions if the witness had nut refused to answer. Before leaving the box, Ro:;e said: Before 1 leave, may 1 make a statement?' M»'. Justice Owen: 'No- leave the box, you relused to answer any questions.' Mr. Justice Ligertwood: i1. everyone refused in answer, .;t. would nullify our inquiry. ? Unusual Question Mr. Julius said that all i': was asking was that his clit.r. should be allowed to majee ?* statement Riving his reasons for refusing to answer quc. tions, particularly in view a suggestion that steps miguv be taken lo prosecute mm. j Mr. Justice Philp: If he v.ti'. anything to say. the right piacv to say it is in the court which lie is prosecuted. Mr. Justice Owen: The por tion is a most unusual one. W«; gave you leave to appear wi a witness. But it turns out tlv_: the witness has refused to give ony evidence. In those circum stances, your position is sumc- i what unusual. 1 Mr. Julius: It may be llst.-l the witness is quite within legal rights. Messrs. Justice Owen an-! Justice Philp. simultaneous! ' That can be tested in another - court. Mr. Julius then made form.' application to tender a copy ol t statement his client wished *.o make. Mr. Justice Owen said M ? Julius could tender the state ment and. if the commissioners thought it was relevant, t would be admitted. ? Statement Rejected After Their Honours had read copies of the statement, Mi Justice Owen said; Wc thir;K this is purely a propaganda statement.' We do not regard it as material to our inquiry a:id we decline to receive it Mr. Justice Owen then sug gested that there might be m reason for keeping Rose i=« Melbourne any longer at f public's expense, but Mr. Win deyer asked that he should 'e- main until the afternoon. Mr. Windeyer said that lie had no other witnesses to pro ceed with until the afternoon session, and the court adjourned at mid-day until 2:30 p.m. After the luncheon adjourn ment. Mr. E. D. Lloyd ask-M permission to appear on beha!l of a man who had been sum moned to appear before ths commission. Mr. Justice Owen: You might make your application whvn the witness is called. Mr. Windeyer: The m»n would not, in the ordinary course, be called this after noon. (Continued on Pa{3 S) DENIAL OF EVIDENCE BY PETROV | 1V4R- LLOYD said he was instructing Messrs. E. Gorman, Q.C., and J. M. Culiity to appear for the man, who had received a subpoena on ** *? Tuesday. The man did not know what the reason for the summons was, but he was prepared, in conference with officers of the com mission, to make a complete statement, if nece ssary on oath, and would not insist on being re presented by counsel. He felt that it would do him a great deal of harm were h? ? o appear before the commis sion and for his name to be published in the newspapers. Mr. Lloyd (suggested that if that could be avoided in any way, it was the commission's dntv to help him. Mr. Owen: Perhaps if your client saw Mr. Windeyer or one of his juniors, or some person assisting Mr. windeyer. it might produce good tosUHs for all concerned. Mr. Windeyer: There would be no difficulty about that. I think, in the circumstances, that this matter might be con sidered further. Mr. Windeyer said the man would not be required to give evidence to- da-. Mr. Win deyer told the commissioner* the next matter to be consid ered concerned the activities which Petrov had described as E. M. Work, and evident would be an illustration oi what was attempted in con nection with displaced persons and Russians resident In th'.-? country. It would be an illustration of one aspect or the activities of the M.V.D. in Australia. Tlitr person concerned was Mr. S. Friedenbergs. ? Given Instructions Petrov was then recalled 10 the witness box, and was exam ined by Mr. Pape. Petrov said that, before leaving Moscow for Australia, he had received instructions; about his duties here, and looked at files re garding Russian citizens resi dent in Australia. There wa? a reference to a man callcd Friedenbergs in the files. Ills full name was given as And rey Andreyevitch. Before ho had left Moscow, the M.V.D. authorities gave him certain in structions to carry out on his ar- ival in Australia with re gard to Friedenbergs. The files showed that Frieden ? bergs, after the occupation oi Latvia by the Red Army m 1940, was regarded by the M.V.D. as an agent giving ln-« l'ormption about members ol the Government in Latvia. At that time, he was a solicitor. 'I found out that, when thc German troops retreated, h* went to Germany and after that to Denmark.' Petrov said 'In Denmark, he went to the Russian Embassy, and met a second secretary, a Mr. Silvis berg, and he gave some inform ation about displaced persons who were in Denmark. Mr. Pape: Did .vou discover whether Friedenbergs had an MVD code name? — Yes, his code name was Sigma. ? Photo In Letter Mr. Pape: Did it appear from the file lhat Friedenbergs had come to Australia? — Yes. Iti this file was a photograph of him with a beard. The photo graph had been in a letter sent front Australia to his sister, who. I think, was living in Latvia, but thc letter came into the possession of thc MVD in Moscow. Mr. Justice Owen: How did you know he came to Australia? — It was because of his letter. Moscow did not know where he was living in Australia. There was an address on the letter. Petrov said thai during Ihe occupation of Latvia by the Germans, Fi iVdenocrgs had gone to the German head quarters and had given inform ation to the Germans. When setting instructions in Moscow he (Petrov) had pro-i posed that he should 'study' Friedenbergs because of thc statement that he was a Ger man partisan, but the MVD authorities suggested he should make contact with Frieden bergs. About three months after he had arrived in Aus tralia, in February, 1951. he made contact with Frieden bergs. 'According to my informa tion, Friendenbergs was living in South Yarra (Melbourne), at a girls' school. ,1 had the ad dress of that school, which l received in thc^iiplomatic bag. 'When I came to Melbourne. I went to the South Yarra r-rhool. and asked a lady if Friedenbergs was living there. Sfte said he had changed his address. ?nd liad left his job in the school. ? Gave Code Name 'Slie gave me an address in Harm-worth-street, neat the Collingwuod Station (Mel bourne). I got a taxi and went to his house. I went there and ?saw Friedenbergs and showed him thc photograph and also gave him his code name. 'J snowed him my identity card. When he saw it, he said ?all right.* ' Mr. Justice Owen: Did he say anything to show he was not surprised to see you? — No. Mr. Pape: Did he say 'Good, we have found each other?' — I don't remember that. Petrov said to Mr. Pape thai after they had got over Ihitiai discussions about meetings, h: had told Friedenbergs that he wanted information about Lat vian organisations here. Friedenbergs had promised to get the information about the j organisations. They had ar J ranged to meet -near the Col | lmgwood Station. Before each j meeting, Petrov said, he sent 2 small card to the Friedenbergs, j saying that he was interested I Jn buying his house. The card ? was always signed Donbakos, 1 and if it showed the date as 1 May Friedenbergs would I know to meet him on May 8 at 1 7 o'clock at night. 1 ' In answer to Mr. Pape, 1 Petrov said the date was al I ways placed on the card as the ( aate of despatch. | ? Met Six Times j Sometimes, Petrov said, he ] wroto on the card that he | would like to discuss the con j ditions of purchase with Frie denbergs. The meetings always I took place near tlje Colling | wood Station. Sometimes the j right, sometimes the left,, and | sometimes near the park near : the station. Mr. Justice Owen: Did he j still have a beard? ! Petrov: Yes. Mr. Pape was told that Fried | enborgs had suggested the sig | nature on the cards. It was a j Latvian work, and the letters ! were written in English. ! Mr. Pape: After the middle ! ot 1951, did you subsequently ! meet Friedenbergs?— Yes. Mr. Pape: How many times did you meet him in pursuance of the letters? — About six, near the Collingvvood Station. Petrov said that occasionally lie changed the context about buying a house to 'Regards,' or some simple phrase. Mr. Justice Owen: You delib erately sent postcards so that anyone could read them? Petrov: I think 1 remember sending a card inside an en velope. He told Mr. Tape that Frie denbergs had given him, writ ten in Russian, information on six occasions about Latvian or ganisations. ? Asked For £20 Later Petrov said he learneo that Friedenbergs was giving information from Latviai? papers. He was told this b-* Piaitkais (attache at the Rus* sian Embassy in Canberra and alleged MVD agent*. Mr. Pape: What type of in formation was in these written I communications? Petrov: It was about the Lat vian colony organisations and members of the organisations. Mr. Justice Owen: What sort of things about them? Peliov: Personality reports, how it . y lived. His Tlcmoui: Whether they were anti-Soviet? — Tint a-so. Petrov said the same type of information, more or less was given to him each time. When he got the leports, he sent them to Moscow by diplomatic i mail. a hey were sent 'clear' I r.r.d marked secret. The orig inui c;4:imunications were sent t.i Moscow. He added that he had asked Moscow to give Frie I'eri'.ciss £2u to help hii» ? ake contacts. Friedenbergs had kept trc foi making ill :.-»ru Petrov said the £20 was paid to him in two sums of £10 for obtaining information and for getting contacts. He was wil ling to take the money, which came from MVD funds speci ally set aside for the purpose and known as 'on the line ol EM.' ? Gave Receipts Petrov said that Friedenbergs gave him receipts for the t money, simple receipts stating that Friedenbergs had received [ £10 in Australian currency, and his signature. The receipts were then sent to Moscow. As far as MVD accounting nt Canberra was concerned, he made the entries himself r»s it was at the time when he was in sole charge of E.M. activi ties and was personally re sponsible for the case which was credited lo the immigra tion section. Petrov said that Frieden bergs appeared willing to co operate in the work, but had once expressed some uneasiness about the matter. Platkais, an Embassy attache and an MVD cadre worker, arrived in Australia in 1953 and Moscow had instructed that control of Friedenbergs wac duly handed over lo Platkais in June or July, 1953. Petrov said he came to Mel bourne at the time with Plat kais and Kislitsin ithe Em bassy's second secretary and an alleged MVD agent). In Mel bourne they sent a card to Friedenbergs' address and next day went to thc Collingwood Station to wait for him. They waited half an hour and when he did not arrive they decided to visit his home. Kislitsin was not with them. ? Agreed To Change He and Platkais then went to Friedenbergs' home, where Platkais was introduced to Friedenbergs and Friedenbergs was told that in future his dealings were to be with Plat kais. Friedenbergs agreed to the change and that was the last time he (Petrov) saw Frie- : denbergs. j | Petrov said that Platkais was l working under his direction and | he reported from time to time what was taking place between himself and Friedenbergs. Platkais had told him that he had seen Friedenbergs on occa sions after the introduction and that Friedenbergs was very i anxious because two detectives j had visited his home, asking him if he knew some members of the Russian Embassy and if he had visited the Russian Em bassy in Copenhagen. i Petrov said that a letter was | then sent to Moscow, suggest- I ing that no further meeting should be held with Frieden bergs for the time being. ' Poirov said the reports sent | lo the MVD about other people in Australia chiefly dealt with whether they were pro- Soviet or anti-Soviet and whether the organisations were directing any work against thc Soviet. Friedenbergs. who was sit ting in the court, was then in vited by Mr. Justice Owen to cross-examine Petrov if he so desired. ? Question Of Beard Friedenbergs then said that he did not understand Petrov's . evidence about his calling at the German headquarters. Pet rov replied that when he was looking at Friedenbergs' dos sier, it stated that when the Germans occupied Latvia. Friedenbergs went lo the Ger man military authorities sev eral times. ? Friedenbergs: That means ! used to go? Petrov: Yes. It was stated that you wore alleged to have given them information. Friedenbergs; I n f ormalion ' about what? — About the situ?- - tion. Petrov said he saw Frieden bergs for the last time in either ? June or July, ' It was about JJ o'clock in the evening ; on a Friday, he thought. After , several questions about his beard, Friedenbergs finally put a question in Russian to which ' Petrov replied: I always saw you with a beard. Friedenbergs: Do you recog nise me now? 1 might not be the same person. — I recognise you very well. I recognise your face and your voice too. Mr. Justice Philp: Accord ing to thc statement you have given. Friedenbergs came to Australia unknown to the M.V.D. ? — When he came, the M.V.D. knew nothing about it. It was only that tho letter was intercepted. Mr. Pape: Oncc having been an M.V.D. man. ho was in duty bound to act us an M.V.D. man in Australia? — He agreed to. Mr. Pape: Would he have been punished if he had not agreed to and if lie could have been got back into Russia? — The case would have been abandoned. and u decision would have been made. ? Certain Pressure Mr. Justire Fhilp: Was Friedenbergs under pressure while he was in Australia? There was certain pressure. . Friedenbergs, who, speaKsJ wiih a strong accent, was thou called into the witness box.. Mr. Justice Owen asked him to either take thc oath or make! an affirmation. When he hesi tated, Mr. Justice Owen re peated his request that he should do so and Friedenbergs reply was lhat it would be no use if he did not intend to give any evidence. Mr. Justice Owen: You don't j propose lo answer any ques- 1 lions? In fairness to yourself' I should say that to refuse to I take the oath or take an aft it-' mation is an offence for which you can be punished. It Is possible there may be some questions which you would Pe entitled not to answer and then, your relusai would not be an 01 fence. Mr. Justice Owen then sug gested thc interpreter, Maj. Birse. should explain the posi tion to the witness, but Friend enbergs interrupted: I under stand perfectly well. But it is already clear that I do this in the slate of an accused person; lhat 1 am accused of espionage. As Friedenbergs appeared tr, be going on with a statement, Mr. Justice 'Owen checkcd him with: Witness, witness. What we want lo get is your version of the matters on which Pel iov has just given evidence, but you must first take the oath or make an affirmation. If you take the oath your answers cannot be used in evidence against you except for some breach ol the lloyal Commission Act. Your answers cannot be used to prosecute you for an offence such | espionage. I Friedenbergs: I understand. Well. I'll take the oath. Friedenbergs ihen followed Mr. Justice Owen through the formal words of the oath. ? Evidence Denied I The witness said his name | was Andrew Friedenbergs, -i 2 Harmsworth-strect, Colling wood. He was a labourer and i was born in Antwerp. Belgium. | His parents were Latvian, 'le Jived in Latvia for some tinv: , and had practised there as ! barrister, and solicitor. He cams to Australia in 1949 and had been here since. Friedenbergs said he was not a naturalised British subject yet, as he had not lived here for five years. Mr. Justice Owen: Petrov told us that there was a tmu that you did work, before you came to Australia, for tin M.V.D. Friedenbergs: It would have been funny if it did not con cern me. It is absurd. j He added that at no time be fore he came to Australia ha:i he worked for fcne MV.D, Mr. Pape: He said that yuu had the code name of Signvi while you were working for tti ? Russian authorities. Is that cor rect? — No, it is a trade maw for merchandise. He told Mr. Justice Owen th:,t he had worked lor seven months at Morton Hall Gins' Grammar School as a kitchen hand and stoker. He denied ho had ever met Petrov, but nc had seen Platkais' name in th-* Latvian paper*. Friedenbergs said that he ou lieved he still had a sister be hind the Iron Curtain, if sn*? were alive. He did not like to say whether he had written letters to her or not. He said that he was mtei «? viewed by security officers in Collingwood in iy&3. ? Security Visit Mr. Justice Owen: Did you ever meet Platkais? — I do not know him. He then continuea with a prolonged answer about thc security officers. He said he was working at the Eildon weir (83 miles north-east o: Melbourne), when security met. met him. He left Eildon weii on the last Tuesday in June -? lie remembered from his taxa tion return — and he arrived M Melbourne about half- past niii- ?* Several davs later two gentle men came, he said. Friedenbergs said that one os the men was at his place on Tuesday this week and had is sued a summons and put soim* questions to him. He liad been asked if he knew Petrov and il he expected the visit. ? Wore A Beard 'That made me think about the matter, as a year ago the man was at my place,' Fried enbergs said. To Mr. Pape. Friedcnbcnis said that on July 7 last year he had been asked if members of the Russian Embassy were vis iting Latvians for imormation. He had replied that he did n-v. know and that he had had :t-; such visits. Mr. Justice Owen: Have you ever worn a beard? — Yes. His Honour: When did you c»ase to wear a beard? — Two years ago. His Honour: Is il true that you worked at a girls' school in South Yarra?— Yes. His Honour: That you canu to Australia in 1949? — Yes. Friedenbergs said he had lived ih Denmark and that :»r was four years In Germany al ter the RCd army had entered Latvia. He. had escaped from Latvia with his family into Germany. Mr. Justice Owen: Did you ever, while in Denmark, visit the Soviet Embassy?— -No. His Honour: Did you meet the third secretary of the Sovi'M Embassy there? — No, never. In answer to further ques tions by Mr. Justice Owen. Friedenbergs said he had l.?ft Denmark in 1949 and returned to Germany. For a short time 1 hey had been In the Britisn, not the American zone of Ger many, and had then migrated to Australia. He reiterated lhat he workci al a girls' school in South Yarra. but at first had worked at Ormond (Melbourne). Ii' said lhat he had three daugh ters living wilh him al I Harmsworth - street, Collin-; - wood, and thai Petrov hud inner visited there or shown him a photograph of himse.f wearing a beard. To Mr. Justice Owen, Fricden hr-rgs said that he had never received any letters or postcards from people interested in buy ing his house. Friedenbergs also denied ever receiving any letters or postcards signed with the name 'Dombakos.' Dom bakos was not a Latvian name, nor did it mean anything. ? 'Fantastic' Story Friedenbergs said he had never met Petrov near the Col- j ling wood Station nor at his home, and that to-day he was seeing him Ior the first time. ?'Jim whole story is fantastic,' r'liedcnbcrgy said. 'I was so conspicuous wilh my beard that I had lo lake it olT.' Mr. Justice Philp: Did you take it off because detectives called on you? Friedenbergs: I took it off two years ago. so it is imposs ible for Petrov lo have seen me ???ith it on. Friedenbergs said he was earning about £14 a week and had one daughter, who was married. They were living in his house. Mr. Justice ^.igertwood: Did they join with you in buying the house?— I bought it. Since I have been in Australia, I have received £900 from Europe. They did not help to buy the house because, when I got it, 1 had just received £300 from Europe, and the house cost £550. Fo thc help was not necessary. Mr. Pape: Did you have a photograph of yourself taken wearing a beard? — Many time*. Mr. Pape: Did you ever send r. copy of that photograph to any place outside Australia? — i have been corresponding a lot, hut as far as I can remember, I have never sent a photograph away. I could have sent one to Latvia. ? 'Secret' Told Mr. Pape: Are you able to offer any suggestion as to how Petrov got the information that detectives visited you in July, 1933? — If that has been a secret r'. all, it was a secret I remem ber telling certain people about. Friedenbergs said that the detectives had said that a young | politician was interested in thej riigrant question, and wanted to help him. It could have t^en that the people he told about the visit told Petrov. Mr. Justice Owen: You heard Petrov give details of your life in Europe. How do you account [or that? Friedenbergs: They are all incorrect. His Honour: But there was enly one mistake. Petrov said you were in the American zone, and you said you were in the British :tone. Friedenbergs: When I was in Denmark they had such a splendid inlorination dossier ?s 'Out me that they abused mr calling mc all sorts of name:; including 'Fascist.' The Danish Communist paper and the Lat vian Communist paper also at tacked me in articles of an abusive and insulting nature. Mr. Justice Owen: Are you suggesting that the Communists ???nt all this information out to Petrov ? Friedenbergs: I don't know. Maybe I can find the papers. ? Turned Them Out Mr. Justice Philp: If Soviet Hgents had come to sec you and ] ipti asked you about what was happening in Latvian organisa tions, would you have told them tin- truth or would you have lied ? Friedenbergs: First of all, 1 would have turned them out. Secondly, to say that there are Latvians who would give Com munists information about other Latvians is silly, because there are virtually no proCommun ist Latvians, I would not have given any information at nil. Mr. Justice Owen: Would you have given any information to the German command in Lat via ? Friedenbergs: No. I am work ing hard here in Australia, and I am now working on the night shift at General Motors Holden. I have not had any sleep since yesterday, since I received this summons. Besides that, had 1 been a master spy during 1939 jr 1940. surely two sisters, one brother, my stepmother and im father would not have been tie jested to Siberia. Mr. Justice Owen: I don't think anyone would describe vou as a master spy. At the conclusion of Frieden bergs' evidence, Mr. Justice* Owen said h«i would be rclca-.- ed from further attendance ;it the court unless he liimscll wished to give further evi dence. Their Honours also released Rose from daily attendance, mid said that he would be noti fied if he was required' later. Meanwhile he could return n King Island. Mr. Justice Owen told .v»:\ Julius that hi* could g!vc n«- assurance lhat Rose's name would not come up during fut ure proceedings. The commission adjourned until to-morrow. 