J^i^:^':0^^^^^^^^^M [?] [?] Bottle Jaw j ! G.A.S., Eurobodalla. — Your cow has developed \a small swelling: under . her chin. The lump is soft and flabby and is not always noticeable. You ask what could have caused this swelling j The lump you describe under toe chin of your cow may toe the so-called feottje jaw which is really ??„.,% dropsical swelling, due $b either poor condition or heayy worm infestation. Good feeding and. drenching with phenothia zine, one to two ounces, would be indicated. i Otherwise, the swelling could be due to an abscess as the result of localised infection, and if this is the case, hot fomentations or blistering, would cause it to erupt and then sub-. ?ide. . j Ailing Pigs i J.W., Lower Portland. y — Your 27 sucking pigs [were running on open Grange. The pigs were iready for weaning and the mother pigs seemed ; quite healthy. Several !of the pigs developed (severe pains and began ^shivering. Two of the fpigs died and although rthe rest of the pigs re covered; they had an other attack a few weeks later. ; From your description It is not possible to diagnose the condition causing the shivering and trembling in your pigs. It was most likely due to H high temperature which vvas possibly following on an infection, and there are a number of conditions which could produce this. ! Your suggestion of poisoning*- is also quite possible,- as at weaning f.ime ?' suckers poke about imd will eat poLson weeds .Which older pigs will avoid. If the death was due to a septicaemic infection, j jthis would have been re- | yealed'by a post mortem I examination, but as to this, one can only guess. Dosing such affected pigs with 1 gramme of sulphamegath'ine per 15 lb. body weight, daily for three days, is worth trying if any recurrence should occur. ' Citrus Scale N.G.B., Mudgee.— Your citrus trees have de veloped brown scale which at present is in all stages,./ from very large to minute specks. You ask what spray you could use on the fruit trees. The brown scale which is an almost cosmopolitan in sect, occurs over the 'greater part of New South -Wales, and infests a wide range of plants including . passion vines, olives, citrus, and many different kinds of garden shrubs. Although the scales may infest various parts of the plants, the twigs and stems are preferred. The eggs are laid be neath the body of the scale during the egg laying period which extends over several months. All stages of the- insect may be found at nearly any time of the year. In the coastal areas of N.S.W. there is more than one generation a year. ,. Control of this scale may be obtained by spraying with a white oil emulsion which is diluted at the rate of 1 gallon oil in 40 gallons of water (4 fluid oz. to 1 gallon). The best time to spray is when the majority of the scales on the trees are in their immature stages and are more readily killed, so a careful watch should be kept so that treatment may then be undertaken. When ants are numerous on infested trees, hatching of the young scales has usually occurred. The ants feed on the honey dew secreted by the scales. Ant control can be brought about by spraying with a B.H.C. preparation or chlordane, around the butt of the tree and the surrounding ground. An ordinary grasshopper B.H.C. dust or spray, or a 10 per cent. B.H.C. dust could be used. In some localities, vari ous species of wasp para sites attack and destroy con siderable numbers of the scales and at times render artificial control meaures unnecessary. Sewer Costs; J.SJT., Nobby's Creek. f^- You own four town houses and next year the sewer scheme is to be extended to the locality. The total cost of connect ing the sewer to each house will be £1000. .You ask whether you will be expected to pay all costs. If the local council compel you to connect the sewer .. to your properties, then you must be prepared to ' pay all costs. A notice requiring you to connect the sewer will probably be served on you by the coun cil and if you fail to com ply, then you will be liable under the Local Govern ment Act. Unless the sewer is available for connection then you would not be compelled to go to the ex pense, but from your let ter it seems as if it is the council's intention to take this step towards main taining the public health. You will also appreciate the fact that if the council has spent large sums of money to extend the sewer age scheme, then they ex pect to see some return for it. ? ? ' I know it is pretty hard on householders, but there's nothing you can do about it. Stowaway Boys E.W.M., Krambach.— You read an account of the two young boys who stowed away on the Korea, a Danish ship, which berthed in Sydney recently. You would like to give Kaed, the young est boy, a home. The boys were not of Danish nationality but Arab boys who stowed away at Aden. I have checked with the immigration officials, and I am told that the boys were not allowed to land in Sydney because they did not have the necessary pap ers. They are to remain on the Korea and will disem bark at Aden. \- Will O'The Wisp J.F.T., Gilgandra. — You are very interested to know what could be caus ing the strange light which appears at night at intervals of 3 or 4 seconds. The light seems to flash up from the ground in a glow, about 18 in. or 2 feet high. If the surrounding land is swampy, the light is probably caused by marsh gas or methane. Marsh gas or will o'-the wisp as it is often called, is not un common. Of course the light may be caused by something al together different. If the land is not swampy, I sug gest you write direct to Geological Survey Branch, Mines Department. Bridge Street, Sydney, and if you can give further details, they will be able to advise you. 