For the cause that Jacks assistance, 'Gainst .the ?wrongs that meed resistance, War the future in the distance,. And the good that toe can do 3% Mmibwm 8Biu*# THURSDAY, JAJVUARY 27, 1955 LOOKING FOR IMMIGRANTS WHILE THE Australian Government is now nropai'cd to expand i .Its- immigration programme, for the first,time lu tlie post-war ? period, some.element of doubt is arising cuncerning.'the availa bility of new'settlers from the countries from which we. would H like most to have them. Most of the resistance to immigration \-- on the free scale that Secuiefl possible until recently arises from the. economic rehabilitation of Europe*-a circumstance which no one an regret. Thera is, however, ground for regret that the Australian Government was not more enterprising, particularly in regard to immigration from West Germany, where 50,000 immigrants a year was once a practical prospect, .but where i now industrial activity has absorbed most of the promising types ' needed in Australia. However, many avenues are'open in Europe t even if the volume does not immediately measure . up to the percentage flow that is desirable for this country, and it is 'satisfactory that these avenues are being usefully explored, such .Ks the opening of an office in Copenhagen to take advantage of the attractive.but limited number of Danish immigrants. After opening up a flow of migrants from Europe, Australia now hag to realise that .the United Kingdom is the source that must be explored more intensively even than in' the early post-war period.' .The departure of migrants from Britain Is now exceeding the best period of the post-war programme, but this outflow comes principally, Indeed almost exclusively, from the activities of the Australian Government and is almost in spite of more, than a'suspicion of chill in the United Kingdom Government's 'attitude.''' The time has come when immigration talks must be wanned up between the United Kingdom and Australian Governments with a view; to attracting to, Australia hot only Immigrant's but whole industries,: wth,Ui'dlr organisation, and equipment as well ; as .the manpower. ? >'WhUe oflicisl ientl'iusiasm for comprehensive migration-from Britain! to ; Ausix-alia jhas f tomTjcstepped up," there Is ready recognition at' this^erid that' practical^discussions will require' more precise'"definition of 'the Incentives 'that; c"an: be offered to . migrants.',Housing authorities have .been blowing hard o/t their hands .to assure themselves Uiat there Is . a'rising'output' of 1 homes', >but the t!fact is lliat! targets tare not belng('revised and that ;the growth of Uioj housing pqtentialiis;.not: keeping pace, . much less getting * aliead of' Aiiktralian j requirements. .It is clifflcult to visualise "any scheme of incentive for immigrants being politically acceptable in Australia: under conditions which would make it easier for immigrants to get homes whilst Australians .experience, continuing difficulty.' w«The expansion of., housing finance and better organisation of ;th'g;,hous)ng potential , thus becomes, one of the "essentials'for iricreEtsing the flow 'of new settlers to ouir shores. 