An intuition about her future came flooding into her mind. This pretty girl in the mirror was destined to be an actress, nothing else. in this great story Herman Wouk writes of women and love as forcefully as he wrote of men and ships in "The Caine Mutiny" New serial by HERMAN WOUK . . . author of "The Caine Mutiny" Marjorie Morningstar CUSTOMS of courtship vary greatly in different times and places, but the way the thing happens to be done here and now always seems the only natural way to do it. Marjorie's mother looked in on her sleeping daughter at half past ten on a Sunday morning with feelings of puzzle-ment and dread. She disapproved of everything she saw. She disapproved of the expensive black silk evening dress crumpled on a chair, the pink, frothy underwear thrown on top of the dress, the stockings like dead snakes on the floor, the brown, wilting gardenias on the desk. Above all, she disapproved of the beautiful seventeen-year old girl lying happily asleep on a costly oversize bed in a square of golden sunlight, her hair a disordered brown mass of curls, her red mouth streaked with cracking, purplish paint, her breathing peaceful and regular through her fine, little nose. Marjorie was recovering from a college dance. She looked sweetly innocent asleep, but her mother feared that this pic-ture was deceptive, remembering the drunken male laughter in the foyer at 3 a.m., and subdued girlish giggles and tip-toeing noises past her bedroom. Marjorie's mother did not get much sleep when her daugh-ter went to a college dance. But she had no thought of trying to stop her; it was the way boys met girls nowadays. College dances had formed no part of the courtship manners of her own girlhood, but she tried to move with the times. She sighed, took the dying flowers to try to preserve them in the refrigerator, and went out, softly closing the door. The slight noise woke Marjorie. She opened large, blue grey eyes, rolled her head to glance at the window, then sat up eagerly. The day was brilliantly clear and fine. She jumped from the bed in her white nightgown and ran to the window and looked out. It was one of the many charms of the El Dorado that it faced Central Park. Here on the seventeenth floor there was no one to peer in on her nakedness but the birds of the air. This fact, even more than the spacious view of the green park and the skyscrapers, gave Marjorie a sense of luxury each day when she awoke. She had enjoyed this freedom from prying eyes for less than a year. Marjorie loved everything about the El Dorado, even the name. "El Dorado" was perfectly suited to an apartment building on Central Park West. It had a fine foreign sound to it. There were two categories of foreignness in Marjorie's outlook: high foreign, like French restaurants, British riding clothes, and the name El Dorado; and low foreign, like her parents. By moving to the El Dorado on Central Park West her parents had done much, Marjorie believed, to make up for their immigrant origin. She was grateful to them for this, and proud of them. What a wonderful day it was for horseback riding! The warm breeze smelled of new grass, here seventeen floors above the murmuring auto traffic. The sky was bright blue, with little white tufts of cloud, and the green park was tufted with white, too, where cherry trees were blossoming. She felt unbelievably good as recollections of last night came back to her. She hugged herself with pleasure, crossing her arms and clutching her bare, pretty shoulders with her hands. Her dreams of the gawky days of thirteen and fourteen had come true and more than true. Four years ago she had scampered and squealed with other skinny, dirty little girls in the playgrounds of Bronx public schools. Last night she had walked on the moonlit grounds of Columbia College. She had faintly heard the young men who lived in the dormitories shouting and laughing, a wonderful rich male noise. She had danced in a wood-panelled hall decorated with colored lanterns and great blue flags, and sometimes she had been only inches away from the smiling band leader, a famous man. She had danced with dozens of boys. Even when the band was resting a victrola had played, and there had been more boys to dance with her to the thin, scratchy music. One of them, the son of the owner of a great department store, was going to ride with her today in Cen- tral Park. She picked the black dress off the chair and smoothed it gratefully. It had done its work well. Other girls had floundered through the dance in wretched tulles and flounces and taffetas, like the dresses her mother had tried for two weeks to buy for the great occasion. But she had fought for this tube of curving black crepe-silk, high- necked enough to seem demure, and had won; and she had captivated the son of a millionaire. That was how much her mother knew about clothes. There was a rap at the door. "Marjorie. are you up?" "Just getting into the shower, Mom." She darted into the bathroom and turned on a drumming rush of hot water. Sometimes her mother came in and shouted questions at her through the shower curtain, but she didn't today. Marjorie returned to the bedroom and waited for a moment, watching the doorknob. Then she walked to the full-length mirror on the closet door, and draped the black dress against her bosom, pleased by the contrast it made with her naked shoulders and tumbling hair. At this moment––it was quite an important moment in her life––she grew hot and prickled all over. An intuition about her future came flooding into her mind, like sunlight at the drawing of a curtain. She was going to be an actress! This pretty girl in the mirror was destined to be an actress, nothing else. Since entering Hunter College in February of the previous year, Marjorie had been taking a course of study leading to a licence as a biology teacher, but she had long suspected that she was going through empty motions, that chalk and black board weren't for her. Nor had she been able to picture herself settling into dull marriage at twenty-one. From her thirteenth birthday onward a peculiar destiny had been in her blood, waiting for a proper time to crop out, and disturbing her with premonitory sensations. But what she experienced on this May morning was no mere premoni- tion; it was the truth bursting through. She was going to be an actress! The daydreams of her childhood had not been mere dreams after all. In the light of this truth––for it was not a resolve, not a decision, but rather a sudden insight into an existing truth–– all her life seemed to take shape. Puzzling things were explained. Contradictions melted away. This was why she had triumphed at Columbia last night, and this was why she had been such a fish out of water all her life in the Bronx. This was why without effort she had been the star of all the playlets at school and in summer camps. Even as a child she had had a quick mind, a gift of mimicry, an excellent memory, and self-possessed charm. Some instinct had taught her early to imitate the speech of her English teachers. Long before her family moved to Manhattan she had been half-mocked and half-admired in the highly critical society of the Bronx gutters, where her nickname had been Lady Pieface. Now, in an amazingly short time, she had transformed herself into a Central Park West charmer, the belle of a Columbia dance. She had sometimes wondered at her own remarkable advance––her quick mastery of collegiate slang, her grace on the dance floor, her polished charm of gesture, above all her unfailing run of bright talk, which always sounded clever even when there was nothing in it. She knew that in truth she was still very much Lady Pieface of the Bronx playing a hastily learned part. But her performance had been getting better week by week, and last night she had scored an unmistakable smash hit. The wonder of all this vanished, on the supposition that she was an actress discovering her powers. Any other suppo-sition no longer made sense. She dropped into the chair at her desk, letting the dress fall over her piled- up, unfinished homework. White steamy clouds from the shower, shot through with yellow bars of sunlight, were filling the room. Marjorie kept staring at herself in the mirror through the vapors, unmindful of the roaring waste of hot water. Had there ever been successful Jewish actresses? Of course: Sarah Bernhardt, Rachel––and now that she thought of it, rumor described half the great stars of Hollywood as Jewish. But her name wasn't good. It wasn't good at all. There was wondrous resonance in Sarah Bernhardt, stark elegance in Rachel––whereas her own . . . Marjorie Morgenstern . . . Then came the confirming flash, the white streak of reve-lation. Such a simple change! Not even a change, a mere translation of the German compound, and her drab name turned into an incantation, a name that could blaze and thunder on Broadway. She pushed aside the dress, seized a pencil, threw open her biology notebook to a blank page, and hastily printed Marjorie Morningstar. She stared at the name, sprawled in dark blue ink over the light blue lines of the page. Then she wrote under the name May 7, 1933. She ripped the page out of the book, folded it, and locked it in the rosewood box where she kept George's love-letters. Then, singing, she disappeared into the foggy bathroom. Mrs. Morgenstern had eaten breakfast several hours earlier with her husband, who was unable to sleep once the day dawned, Sunday or not. Calculating the time it would take her daughter to shower and dress, she placed herself at the breakfast table again a few seconds before Marjorie came out of her room. In her hand was a cup of steaming coffee. She was not lying in wait to grill Marjorie. Surely she was entitled to an extra cup of coffee on Sunday morning. "Hello, mother, dear." Marjorie draped her jacket on the arm of a chair. Mrs. Morgenstern put down her coffee with a gasp. "That sweater, Marjorie." "What about it? Don't you like the color?" She knew what her mother didn't like. She had spent the last few minutes at the mirror worrying about the sweater. It perfectly matched her British boots and breeches and tweed jacket, and the russet band on her perky hat––all new, all being worn for the first time. It had looked charming in the shop, this cat-smooth russet cashmere, and the size was correct. But the fit was snug; mighty snug. Marjorie knew that a pretty girl in a tight sweater created a commotion. It was very vexing, she thought, and so silly: in the South Seas nobody would think twice about it. She had decided to brave it out. Her mother might not like the sweater, but Sandy Goldstone probably would. "Marjorie, people will think––I don't know what they'll think." "I'm a big girl, Mama." "That's just what's bothering me, dear." "Mom, for your information, girls don't ride horses in pink quilted housecoats that make them look like tubs. They wear sweaters." Mrs. Morgenstern, short and stout, was wearing a pink quilted housecoat. But this kind of argumentation was standard between them; she took no offence. "Well, papa will never let you out of the house. Is that all you're having for breakfast? Black coffee? You'll be a nervous wreck by the time you're twenty- one. Have a bun, at least. Who was at the dance?" "The junior class of Columbia College, Mama, about two hundred and fifty boys, with girls." "Anybody we know?" "No." "How can you say that? Wasn't Rosalind Green there?" "Of course she was." "Well, we know her." Marjorie said nothing. "How is it you're going riding? I thought your lessons were on Tuesday." "I just decided to go today." "Who with?" "Billy Ehrmann." "How come you're wearing your new riding habit?" "Why not? Spring is here." "You don't have to impress Billy Ehrmann." "Well, I've got to start wearing it some time." "Yes, once you've learned to ride. But what's the point, just for a lesson in the armory?" Here Mrs. Morgenstern was driving to a material point. Marjorie had been taking the armory lessons in a borrowed old habit of an El Dorado neighbor, Rosalind Green. Her mother had bought her the new outfit on the understanding that she wasn't to wear it until she graduated to the bridle paths of the park. Marjorie could lie to her mother cheer-fully, and with a good conscience, but she had several minor lies going, and it seemed a weariness to take on another. "Mom, I'm not going to the armory. We're going riding in the park." "What? You've only had three lessons. You're not ready. You'll fall off the horse and break your neck." "That'll be something to look forward to." The girl put her cup down with a clink and poured more coffee. "Marjorie, I am not going to let you go riding in the park with that fat, clumsy Bill Ehrmann. He probably can't ride any better than you." "Mother, please. We're riding with two other couples and a groom. We'll be safer than in the armory." "Who are the others?" "Well, there's Rosalind and Phil." "Who else?" "Oh, some fraternity brother of theirs." Marjorie was determined to let her mother know nothing whatever about Sandy Goldstone. "Who?" "Oh, some fellow. I don't know his name. I know he's a very good rider." "How do you know that if you don't even know his name?" "For heaven's sake, Mom! Billy and Phil said so." "Was he at the dance? Did you meet him there?" "I think maybe I did. I don't know. I met a hundred boys." The telephone rang, and with immense relief Marjorie To page 43 Continuing . . . . from page 9 sprang into the foyer "Hello?" "Hello, pooch." The proprietary nickname and the odd twangy voice brought the usual pleasurable warmth to Marjorie. mingled this time with a dim feeling of guilt. "Oh––hello. George, how are you?" "What's the matter? Did I wake you up?" "No, George. Matter of fact, I was just going out, so ex- cuse me if–––" "Out?" "Just out in the park. Rid-ing." "Well. well. Riding in Cen-tral Park. You'll be joining the Junior League next." "Don't be funny." "Well, how was the Colum-bia dance?" "It was miserable, thanks." Her mother, she saw, had come to the doorway of the dining room and was openly listening to the conversation. Marjorie made her tone more affection-ate. "I never realised how young a crowd of college juniors could look and act." "Well. sure, how old can they be?" said George with a re-lieved lift in his voice. "Nine-teen, average. Less, some of them. I warned you you'd be bored stiff." George Drobes was twenty-two and a graduate of City College. "Well, pooch, when am I going to see you?" "I don't know." "Today?" "I've got a ton of home- work, dear." "But you say you're going riding. " "Just for an hour. Then I'll be at the desk all day, really, George." "Take off another hour." "Dear. I'd love to––it's just such a long trip from the Bronx down here, just for an hour––" "I'm not doing anything. It's Sunday. It's been almost two weeks––look, I'd just about de-cided to go to the art museum anyway. I've got the car. I'll drop by. If you feel like it, we'll go for a drive in the country. If you don't, why I'll just go on to the museum." "Well?" "See you about one or so, okay, pooch ?" "All right, George, sure. Love to see you." She hung up. "What's the matter between you and George all of a sud-den ?" said Mrs. Morgenstern with pleasure. "Absolutely nothing. Mother. I wonder whether you know that people don't usually listen to other people's phone con- versations ?" "I'm not people. I'm your mother. You don't have any thing to hide from me, do you ?" "There's a thing called privacy, that's all " "I hope the great love isn't beginning to cool off." "It certainly is not!" "I haven't seen him in such a long time. Does he still have that red nose?" "He does not have a red nose." "Bronx Park East is a long way from Central Park West," said Mrs. Morgenstern with a majestic sigh. Marjorie made for the door. "Listen, Marjorie, don't be foolish. The first time in the park anything can hap-pen. Don't wear the new out- fit." Marjorie's hand was on the doorknob. "Clothes don't do anybody any good hanging in the closet." She opened the door. "Goodbye, Mom. I won't be home for lunch." "Where will you eat?" "Tavern-on-the-Green." "Listen," said Mrs. Morgen-stern, "Billy's friend, this fel-low who's such a good rider, will like you just as well in the other outfit." Marjorie's heart sank. "I can't imagine what you're talk-ing about, Mom. Goodbye." Her exit, which she made with a fine airy wave of the hand, was spoiled as soon as she closed the door. She had no money. The stable was at Sixty-sixth Street, and she was late. She had to go back in and ask her mother for taxi fare. "Well. I'm glad I'm still good for something in your life." said Mrs. Morgenstern, "even if it's only money. What's happened to vour allowance this week ?" "Mom. you know my allow-ance only runs from Saturday to Saturday The mother was fumbling in a large black patent-leather purse. "It's a good thing your father's business doesn't run from Saturday to Saturday." "Might as well give me the rest of my allowance, Mom. Then I won't have to trouble you again." "No trouble, I assure you." Mrs. Morgenstern drew an-other dollar and a half from the purse. She always man-aged, thought Marjorie, to make the payment of the al-lowance a triumph. Marjorie often felt that she would go hungry and barefoot rather than ask for her allowance again. A hundred times she had planned to gain indepen-dence by writing short stories, or tutoring, or getting a week-end job as a salesgirl. These plans usually sprouted just be- fore she had to ask for her allowance, and tended to wither right after she got it. "Thank you, Mother," she said, remotely cool and formal as she accepted the money. At this moment her father came into the hallway carrying the "Sunday Times" in a dis-ordered sheaf under his arm. He wore a red silk smoking jacket in which he looked un-comfortable. Marjorie kissed him. "Morning. Dad. Sorry I've got to run." The father said. "Horse back . . .. Can't you find something less dangerous than horseback. Margie ? People get killed riding horseback." "Don't worry. Marjorie will come back in one piece. 'Bye." Marjorie's father had come to the United States at the age of fifteen, an orphan, a fleck of foam on the great wave of immigration from Eastern Europe. In his first bewildered week in a wretched cellar on the lower East Side of New York, he had become friendly with a boy who worked for an importer of feathers. He, too, had gone to work sorting and classifying feathers: filthy work that paid two dollars a week. Now, thirty-three years later, the importer was dead, the boy who had brought him into the feather business was Mr. Mor- genstern's partner: and the Arnold Importing Company was a well-known dealer in feathers, straws, and other materials for ladies' hats, a tributary of New York's mil- linery trade. From two dollars a week, Marjorie's father had painfully worked up to about fifteen thousand a year. Every year since his marriage he had spent every dollar he earned on the comfort of his family and the improvement of their station in life. Except for his part ownership of the struggling little corporation and the salary he drew, he was a penniless man. Yet he lived on Central Park West. "Do you think she'll be all right ?" he said, peering at the brown door through which his daughter had vanished. "Why not? All the kids around here ride. More coffee before it's cleared away?" "All right." At Marjorie's vacant place in the dining-room was the ruin of the bun she had half bolted, smeared with lipstick. "Why is she suddenly so in-terested in horseback riding?" said Mr. Morgenstern. "She had one lesson this week." "Why do you think ?" His wife poured coffee from the sil-ver pot she used on Sunday mornings. "Not that fat fool Billy Ehrmann ?" "There's another boy in the party." "Who is he ?" "I don't know. Fraternity brother of Billy. He can't be too bad.' The father pulled out the business section of "The Times" and glanced at it, sipping cof-fee. After a while he said, "What about George ?" "George, I think, is fin-ished. Marjorie doesn't know it yet." "But you know it, I sup-pose ?'' "Yes, I do. It's a long way down here from the Bronx." "Maybe we shouldn't have moved from the Bronx." "Now what makes you say that?" The mother looked out of the window, still pleased and thrilled by the view of the park. "Personally I have no objec-tion to George. A steady boy," the father said. "Could fit in the business." "A nobody." "Well. I don't like these Manhattan boys," the father said. "They're too smart. They're cold fish. I talk to them, and suddenly I remem-ber I've got an accent: I can hear it. After thirty years they make me feel like a green- horn." Marjorie's father had only a slight accent, and the mother had virtually none, yet neither sounded native-born and they knew they never would. "I don't trust these boys. They look like they'd try any smart trick with a girl they could get away with." "Marjorie can take care of herself." "She can, can she?" Mrs. Morgenstern had been maintaining the opposite view-point not less recently than two o'clock that morning while waiting up nervously for Mar- jorie. This kind of discussion went on all the time between the parents. They could take either side with ease. It all depended on which one started to criticise the daughter. The father stared at his paper and the mother stared out of the window. After a while the mother shrugged. "She's entitled to the best, isn't she? The West Side is where the good families live. Here she has the best chances of meeting somebody worth while. We went all over that ground." "She told me all about sex To page 45 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 43 yesterday afternoon." the father said. "Studied it in hygiene, she says. She knows the whole business like a doctoi. She knows a lot more about it than 1 do. Talked about chromosomes, and tubes, and eggs, and the male this, and the female that. I was embarrassed, I'll tell vou the truth, and the strange thing is I felt sorry for her." "Well, she can't help what they teach her in school. Is it better to know nothing at all, the way we were?" "Maybe she knows too much. Did she ever tell you the five .irguments that prove God \ists. and five answers that prove He doesn't? She learned them in a course. But she never goes to temple except to ,i dance, she's forgotten any Hebrew she ever knew, and if she doesn't eat bacon she eats shrimp cocktails. I'll bet a hundred dollars on that." "This is America." "We've spoiled her. I'm worried about her. Rose. Her attitudes -. She doesn't know what money is. A wild Indian couldn't know less. I do some magic with a fountainpen and a cheque-book, and she has a dress or a coat or a riding-habit "1 saw you going over the cheque-book last night. Is that what this fuss is all about? The riding-habit ? A girl needs clothes." "I'm talking in general. From a money standpoint this move to Manhattan was crazy. We're eating capital." "I've told you twenty times vou're going to have to give yourself a raise " The father stood and began to walk back and forth. He was a stout little man with a moon face, curly greying hair, and heavy black eyebrows. "It's a funny thing about a business. You take out more money than comes in. and after a while there's no business Marjorie's mother had heard nothing but moans from her husband about business through good times and bad. She was not inclined to regard the depression seriously. Her husband's steadily rising income from his feather-importing busi ness had seemed miraculous to her in the first years of their marriage, but now she took it quite for granted. "These are the years that count for Marjorie. This new boy she's riding with, whoever he is, he's a Columbia bo>, a fraternity boy. isn't he? That means a good family. Would she have met him if we'd stayed in the Bronx'" "She's only a sophomore. She may not get married for years." "It won't put us in the poor house." "Then there'll be Seth." "We'll worry about Seth when the time comes." "Well, we won't have any problems if she breaks her neck today riding a horsi "She won't break her neck." "1 heard you arguing with her. She's only had three lessons." "What is there to riding a horse ?" The father paced to the window. "It's a beautiful day. There go some horses . . . That wouldn't be her yet. Look, the park is green. Seems like only yesterday it was all covered with purple snow. The snow in the park looks purple, did you notice that? There must be a scientific explanation." He rubbed his forehead. "I'm worrying about spring hats in November and fall hats in February. A year goes by like a week, it seems." "She'll be all right. I tell you." The mother came and stood beside him. They were the same height, and she, too, had a round face. Their expressions were much alike, except that the man's face had sterner lines at the mouth. They might have been brother and sister. He looked about ten years older than h?s wife, though they were nearly the same age. "Doesn't it seem strange to you?" said the father. "It does to me. How long ago was she crawling on the floor with wet diapers? What's become of the time? Horseback "We're getting old. Arnold." "Nowadays they make jokes about the marriage brokers." said the father. "All the same, with the old system she'd be meeting nothing but boys of ex actly {he right age and background, and no guesswork." "With that system you wouldn't have the problem of Marjorie at all," said the mother sharply. The father smiled and looked sly. After more than twenty years it was still a sore point with Mrs. Morgenstern that he had once almost been matched with a rabbi's daughter. "I'm just saying that this is also a strange system. It's going to cost us plenty putting her near these good families of yours. And one night at one of these dances, what's to stop her from falling for a good-looking fool from a rotten family? And that'll be the end of it. Remember that first one at the camp when she was thirteen? That Bertram ?" The mother grimaced. "She has more sense now." "She has more education. "That's a ainerent tmng. ant: has no more sense. A lot less maybe. And as for?well, religion ? the way things are nowadays-?" He broke off, looking out of the window. "All this." said the mother uneasily, "just because the girl goes for a horseback ride? Don't forget one thing. She gets the man she loves. She gets what she wants, not what we pick. That's the right way." "She gets what she wants?" said the father. "In this world ? Not even in America. She'll get what she deserves." There was a long silence. He finished his coffee, picked up the newspaper and walked into the living-room. "Here you are, miss." The taxi stopped in front af the Chevy Chase Riding Academy, a converted garage with a huge tin horse painted a dirty brown hanging over the entrance. A cloud of horse smell came roll ing into the cab. She could hear the beasts stamping. The cab driver, glancing around, took in the stiff new riding-habit and the uncertain look. He grinned, baring yellow horselike teeth. "Go ahead, kid. You'll li\\( Marjorie gave him a haughty look, and tipped him a quarter to prove that she was an aristocrat who loved horses. Hand kerchief to nose, she went up the manure-littered ramp, stepping daintily with her toes pointed inward to avoid the unhappy duck-waddling effect which she noticed in other girls wearing riding clothes. Rosalind Green, a stocky sallow girl, came waddling to meet her from the gloomy stalls in a new riding-habit of a hideous olive color. "Hello, we were about to give you up. They're getting the horses ready." "Sorry I'm late." Marjorie followed Rosalind through rows of stalls where horses were mihi mm. «aiiipij. J?O-?n and neighing. The two girls had become acquainted in the El Dorado elevator. Rosalind, a year and a half older, was a consistent A student, but «ne lacked humor and was dull at dances and parties. Ordinarily she might have hated Marjorie foi her small waist, slender ankles, and quicksilver chatter. But she was so sure of her own superiority that she could forgive her Rosalind had been born on Central Park West; she was a junior at Barnard; and she was engaged to one Phil Boehm. the son of a famous heart specialist. She had nothing to fear from the clever, pretty little climber from the Bronx, a mere sophomore at the free public college, Hunter. Rosalind frankly patronised Marjorie. Marjorie put up with it because of Rosalind's usefulness in introducing her to the Columbia fraternity set. They spent hundreds of hours talking about clothes, hair, paint, movies, and boys Marjorie had lost touch with her girl friends in the Bronx, and had found no real chums at Hunter. Rosalind at the moment was her best friend. "Here she is, Jeff,'' Rosalind called At the far end of the »table five horses?very big. eager and gay?were prancing and pawing under a naked electric bulb. Jeff, a sunburned little groom in shabby breeches and wrinkled boots, stood among the animals, tightening girths and shouting orders at Billy and Sandy, who were saddling their horses. He glanced sourly at Marjorie "How well can you ride, miss?" "Not well at all," Marjorie said prompth A humane light flickered in the groom's eye. "Well, good for To page 47 Continuing . . . Marjon^MorrmigstäT from page 45 you. Most of them won't ad mit it. and then?whoa, there!" He punched the dancing horse in the ribs. Phil Boehm Said. "That's my horse. Don't get him mad." He sat slumped on a dirty bench beside Sandy's girl, Vera Cashman, a handsome blonde sophomore from Cornell, who looked sleepy and cross. "Give her Black Beauty, Jeff," said Sandy, with a smile and a wink at Marjorie. He was deft and quick with his horse's trappings. His breeches were faded, and his boots looked not much better than the groom's. The riding costumes of the rest of the party were almost as new as Marjorie s "Give me the gentlest horse you've got." Marjorie said, "and give him a sleeping pill before we start." Sandy laughed. Billy Ehrmann, red-faced and perspiring, was heaving at a strap under his horse's belly. At this moment, with a fierce yank, he managed to undo wry thing, and fell on the floor under the horse, with the saddle .md stirrups in a jingling pile on top of him. The groom, looking extremely disgusted, picked up the saddle and pulled Billy to his feet. "I thought you said you could do this, mister." "Got to learn some time." panted Billy, brushing manure from his fat face and his jacket. "Not on a busy Sunday, mister, please." Jeff flipped the saddle on to the horse's back, and Billy shambled towards the bench, saying. "Hi, Marge," with a sad grin. Marjorie smiled at him. thinking what bad luck it was that Billy, of all the fraternity crowd, had attached himself to her. Billy's one claim to distinction was that his father was Supreme Court Justice Ehrmann, whose name seemed to be on most of the letterheads of New York chanties. Marjorie had been greatly impressed at first to learn who Billy was, upon meeting half a dozen of the fraternity boys one evening at Rosalind's apartment: but she had soon found out that he was a good-natured dolt with no trace of his father's merit. Still, he was a Columbia boy. He had taken her to the dance last night. So as he walked by. exuding a horse smell which caused her to gasp and fall back a step, she smiled. Jeff was eyeing her critically as he saddled Billy's horse. "I got an idea, miss. Give you Prince Charming . . . Hey Ernest! Let's have Prince Cha rming.'" Marjorie said. "Gentle?" "Gentlest thing alive." A negro boy in jeans lounged out of a far stall and into another stall. "Prince Charm ing coming up." he called. After a moment or two he began to lead out a horse: began, that is. because the process took a while to complete. Not that the horse was unwilling. It came out readily enough, but it never seemed to stop coming. The negro appeared to be unreeling the beast from a large spool inside the stall. It was by far the longest living thing Marjorie had ever seen. At last the rear end came into sight, with a limp, straggling tail. The animal was not only very long, it was a most peculiar mottled red. The negro boy threw a saddle on its back and led it towards Marjorie. Its long head hung down, nodding. Its face, like every other horse's, seemed to Marjorie to express a weak-willed stupid animosity. She asked: "What do you call that color ?" "It's roan." Roan. The word conjectured up wide Western plains and thundering hoofs "Let's mount, folks." shouted the groom. He held the stirrup for Marjorie. and she tried to get up on the horse, but couldn't. The creature was half again as high as the old mare she had been riding in the ar mory. She looked around helplessly with one foot in the stirrup. Sandy Goldstone came to her, grinning, seized her other leg. and threw her on to the saddle. "Thanks." she gasped. "Them stirrups the right length?" Jeff said. "Oh, yes, yes, absolutely perfect," The groom went and mounted his horse. Marjorie realised at once that her stirrups were too long. Her toes barely touched them. "Okay folks, single file now going up the street, and no trotting in traffic.'' They went out of the stable into warm blinding sunshine. Marjorie found it nightmarish to be riding along a city street on a horse. The hoofs of the seven beasts made a terrific, clat ter on the asphalt. She kept reaching and clutching for the stirrups with her toes, thinking that a fall on the pavement would certainlv fracture her skull. Prince Charming plodded calmly among the honking taxicabs and grinding buses. Every little toss of his head scared her. She clung to the saddle, though she knew it was bad form, though she could see the Cornell blonde grinning at her with contempt. She now cared about nothing except to get through this hour and off this animal undamaged. When they came to the soft black dirt of the bridle path in the park the horses began to trot. Prince Charming surprised Marjorie with his easy, comfortable gait. She found her stirrups and rode to the trot as she had been taught. Her confidence came back and she Telaxed a bit. They trotted past the Tavern-on-theGreen. She saw a good-looking boy at a table on the terrace follow her with his eyes as she went by. Sandy Goldstone rode up beside her, reining in his big. coffee-colored horse with a careless gesture. "Was that a joke about not riding well ? You're doing nobly." She gave him a mysterious smile. "You're not bad your self." "Spend a couple of months every year in Arizona. Guess I ought to be able to ride a horse . . . Margie, there's no reason for me to hang back and police you. really, is there ? This nag's impatient " "None at all, Sandy. Go ahead." Sandy streaked away. The riding party passed through a dank, muddy tunnel and came out into a sun-flecked avenue of cherry trees, perfumed and C0U1. AVlallum, was liuuiuu o7 the charm of it. For the first time she perceived what horseback riding was about. She turned her eyes to the pink blossoms, nodding under the blue sky in the breeze, and lost herself in pleasure. When they emerged into open sunlight she noticed that Prince Charming was falling behind the other horses. The blonde, next to last in the party, was glancing back over the widening gap with amusement. Marjorie clasped the saddle and kicked Prince Charming in the ribs. Nothing happened except that she lost her stirrup and had to clutch for it with her foot. Prince Charming, an old civil servant of a horse, continued to reel off the same number of yards per second. Far up the path the rest of the riders went round a bend and were hidden from view by green trees. "Giddyap!" Marjorie said. "Aren't you ashamed of yourself? They're beating you. "Giddyap!" She made clicking noises and kicked both heels and shook the reins. Prince Charming ground along philosophically. They came to the bend and rounded it. There was a long stretch of black path ahead, completely emptyexcept for a settling cloud of dust. The solitude did not have a good effect on either horse or rider. Marjorie stiffened. Prince Charming, without a rear view of other horses to draw him on, seemed to lose interest in his work. His trot slowed, became bumpy, and subsided into a walk. He began to look here and there. Marjorie said in her fiercest voice. "You get going now,"' and spanked his neck with the reins. Prince Charming vawned. He wandered off the path, stopped and contemplated a clump of yellow forsythia with the look of a nature-lover, and began to eat it. Tears of vexation came to Marjorie's eyes. She beat the horse's neck with her fist. She heard thudding hoofs at about the same time Prince glanced around, took one more wrench at the forsythia, and ambled back on to the path, chewing. Sandy reined-in. wheeled, and came beside her. "Having trouble ?"' "Some " "Kick hin, " "I've kicked hin. " Sandy surveyed the horse, wrinkling his nose. "Never been out with this one before. Mostly I think kids ride him. Here, try this.'" He passed his tan leather riding crop to Marjoru He should have noticed the terrible flattening of the animal's ears, but he was too busy looking at Marjorie's flushed, pretty face. "Thanks,'' Marjorie said. She flourished the crop and smacked it clumsily on the horse's flank. Prince Charming jumped, snorted, neighed: then he gathered himself up like a fist and bounded awav in a wild gallop, throwing up a boil of black dust all around Sand) After the first crazy moment of the bolt Marjorie found herself clinging to the saddle with no idea of how she had managed to remain on the horse. The reins were dangling free, she had lost her stirrups, and there she was, thunderin e along the path like a jockey, with trees, grass, and other riders swimming by her in a greenish blur. In a few seconds, hardly aware of what was happening, she overtook Vera, and one after another she passed the rest of the partv as though they were standing still Dimly she heard a shout from Jeff over the tattoo of Prince Charming's hoofs and the splatter of flying dirt, " . . . Rid of that crop! Hi crop-shy! Never . . ." But it meant nothing to her. She went drumming down a clear track with the air whistnm her ears, pulling at her hair, bringing tears to her eyes. ii< hat was gone, of course. The stirrups thumped and clanked gaily against the saddle girths. Marjorie noticed that, oddly enough, a maniacal gallop was To page 48 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 47 I the easiest of all gaits to sit to. It was like resting in a gently rocking chair, except for the noise of wind and hoofs and the quantities of scenery flying by. She was aware of no fear at all, but rather a silly, mildly surprised pleasure. A cold wind on her teeth indicated that she was smiling. On the whole she was idiotically enjoying the fast ride. Prince Charming came to the reservoir, turned sharp right, and Went galloping up the curved path. At the moment that he turned he parted company with Marjorie, for she continued travelling in a straight line, flying off his back, landing on the path, rolling over and over through dirt and puddles, and coming to rest face down, sprawled on sweetsmelling new grass. There she lay, hearing far-off peaceful traffic sounds. All at once she was sur rounded by stamping horses and girls were screeching and men were shouting and somebody gave her her hat, and a policeman was dismounting and taking out a notebook. Jeff and Sandy helped her to her feet and set about cleaning her off with handkerchiefs and stray pieces of newspaper. She was smeared with mud and her jacket was ripped at the e lbows. One of her ankles was ihrobbing peculiarly inside the boot, but nothing else seemed to be wrong with her. Exhilarated and quite gay at being the centre of the fuss, she answered the policeman's questions clearly and calmly. Jeff explained about Prince Charming's fear of crops. Sandy kept apologising for not noticing the animal's terror. Marjorie said it was all her fault, she should have been able to control the horse anyway. The policeman, swearing under his breath, said he couldn't understand why more Sunday riders weren't killed. Meantime another policeman appeared leading Prince Charming by the bridle. The animal was streaked black with sweat and his head drooped meekly. Marjorie at once stepped out of the chattering circle around her, took the reins from the policeman's hands, and with a limber spring that surprised herself got back into the saddle. Her ankle gave her an angry twinge when she jumped. "Hey," said Jeff, staring at her and scratching his head. The others peered around at her. Marjorie said, "I'm all right. Let's get going." "You sure, miss?" Jeff said. "Maybe we better get you a cab, call it a day." "Didn't you ever fall off a horse ?" "Forty times, miss, but ?" "Well, you're still in one piece. So am I. Just shorten my stirrups, please. Sorry I held up the party." "Attagirl, Margie," said Billy Ehrmann. "Well, okay." Jeff sprang to the stirrups. "That's the spirit, miss. You'll be a rider yet. Mr Goldstone, you better ride with her from here on." "With pleasure." Sand-, reined his horse alongsid* Prince Charming. The blonde gave her horse kick in the ribs as she went ahead past Marjorie and Sandy. Marjorie's hands and leawere trembling and sweat was cold on her forehead. But she was less afraid than she had been at the start of the ride The worst had happened and here she was back on the horse Without realising it she was sitting more naturally in the saddle, holding the reins bettei collected. "Well, now you're an experienced horsewoman," Sand\ said. Marjorie laughed. "It'll takf more than one fall. I'm afraid At least I fulfilled my own expectation this morning. I made a fool of myself. I can hardh ride, you know. That's the truth." "Why did you come. Margie ? You didn't have to say. yes just to be polite." She looked him serenely in the eye, smiling. He grew red and stopped talking and the\ trotted on in silence. Paced by Sandy's horse. Prince Charming went along like a machine. Back at the stable Marjorie managed not to limp, though the ankle was bothering her more and more. She didn't intend to be parted from Sandy Goldstone at this point because of a little pain. When the party came to the Tavern - on - the - Green. Mar jorie was very glad she had come along despite the throbbing ankle. How gay it was to sit down to white napery and silver on a sunlit stone terrace under the open sky in a green park bordered by jagged skyscrapers! Marjorie had never done it before. A stiff brushing at the stable had cleaned all the dried mud from her habit. She didn't mind the ripped elbows; she felt they gave her a raffish Long Island horsy-set touch. She had combed her hair and freshened her make-up. She thought she rather resembled an illustration in a fashion magazine. She was proud of the way she had muddled through the ride and the fall. To page 49 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 48 and pleased at certain small attentions Sandy had been paying her. "Bacon and scrambled eggs for everybody, I guess?" Sandy said. "Leave the bacon off mine. Just eggs," Marjorie said, after hesitating a moment. \ : a raised one eyebrow at her. "What's the matter, dear, arc you religious?" "just habit," Marjorie muttered, embarrassed. She was convinced that the Jewish food prohibitions were mere primitive taboos, but her upbringing was stronger than logic. Once or twice she had tried to eat bacon and had failed; the red and yellow strips made her gorge rise. "Well, I guess you'll go to heaven and we won't," Vera said. "I couldn't live without my bacon in the morning." Sandy yawned. "Let her alone. What do you know about it, anyway? Some people think that all the equipment you need to discuss religion is a mouth." Marjorie blinked at this unexpected support. 'Dear me," Vera said to Marjorie with a grin, "have I stepped on your toes? I'm sorry, I'm sure." "Live and let live," Sandy said. Marjorie felt she had been successfully snubbed by the blonde. She resolved, as she had several times before, to practise eating bacon some time by herself. Some of the fun went out of the brunch for her. The waitress was just beginning to serve the food when Marjorie's mouth twisted in an involuntary grimace. A thrill of pain had shot up hotly from her ankle to her knee. "What's the matter with you?" Sandy said. "Nothing, nothing." Everybody looked at her. The waitress was passing Phil's bacon and eggs under her nose. Marjorie couldn't help it; she put her head on her arms on the table, feeling faint and very sick. "I'm sorry, it's my ankle. I?I think I'd better go home There was a flurry of sympathy and suggestions. Sandy Goldstone cut it short by tossing his car keys on the table and picking Marjorie up easily in his arms. "She shouldn't walk on it. I'll carry her to a cab and get her to her house, Billy. If I'm not back in half an hour you drive the others home. I'll phone you, Vera, about three o'clock." "Well, all right. No later," said the blonde. It was the pressure of the gradual swelling inside the boot that had caused the agony, the doctor said. He made one tentative effort to pull off the boot. The girl shrieked. Without ceremony he took a sharp instrument from his bag and cut the beautiful new boot to pieces. "There," he said, carefully removing the shredded leather and the rags of stocking, "feels better now, doesn't it?" "Much." He squeezed and prodded the red-blue swelling and made her move the foot and wriggle her toes. She was embarrassed because Sandy could see her bare leg. The doctor began to tape the ankle. "You'll be all right in a few days. Just a sprain." Mrs. Morgenstern picked up the ruined boot and Marjorie's torn jacket, which lay crumpled on a chair. "You had to go riding in the park after three lessons. You had to wear the new outfit. You had to climb back on the horse with a sprained ankle. Hooray for you." Sandy said. "It was my fault completely, ma'am. She rides very well. If not for that riding crop ?" "I'm glad she got back on the horse. That's the only good thing about the story," said the father. He was as pale as his daughter. He had not previously uttered a word. Mrs. Morgenstern gave Sandy a bleak glance. "You said vour name is what?Goldstein ?" "Goldstone, ma'am," Sandysaid with his easy, goodnatured smile. "Goldstone . . . Your mother isn't by any chance Eva Goldstone?" "She's my aunt, ma'am. My mother is Mary Goldstone." The mother straightened, smiled, and dropped the torn clothes on a chair. "Well, and a lovely lady, too. Isn't she the vice-president of Manhattan Hadassah ?" "Yes, mother keeps pretty busy with those things." "Well, and you didn't have your lunch ? I mean your brunch, as Margie calls it. You'll stay and have it with us, of course." "Well, ma'am, thank you, but I guess I better go and?" "How long will it take to fix some eggs? After all, you must be starved, and you took such good care of our girl?" Sandy glanced at Marjorie and raised his eyebrows slightly. She shrugged slightly. "Thanks a lot, I'll be glad to stay if it isn't too much trouble?" "Trouble!" exclaimed the mother, vanishing. She called them into the dining- room in naturally, there's no time to fix anything." Platters of smoked salmon, smoked whitefish, kippered herrings, lettuce and tomatoes. scrambled eggs, french- fried potatoes, rolls, toast, Danish pastry, and coffee cake covered the table. "Holy cow," Sandy said. Mr. Morgenstern stared at the table and at his wife. Sandy, eating continuously and heartily, told them of his comic misadventures with horses in Arizona. It became a very jolly meal. Marjorie's eyes were brightly fixed on Sandy; the mother was enchanted by him: Mr. Morgenstern warmed to him and began laughing. They were having their second cups of coffee when the house phone rang in the kitchen. Mrs. Morgenstern went to answer it. She returned in a moment looking very disturbed, and whispered in Marjorie's ear. The girl seemed startled; then she glanced at Sandy, and her lips curved in a confident smile. "Of course. Mom. George said he might drop by." George Drobes and Marjorie Morgenstern had been keeping steady company for the better part of two years. George was a victim of the depression. By training and ambition a bacteriologist, he had completed half his studies towards his master's degree before being compelled to go to work in his father's little auto accessories store in the Bronx. George wasn't happy about it. But there was no help for it. He grimly saved a fragment of his allowance each week (he was getting no salary for helping to keep the large Drobes family alive) ; for he was resolved to go back and finish his training in bacteriology, even at the age of fifty. He was by no means the first She had gone to well-chaperoned schoolgirlish dances and parties since her twelfth year. Around her fifteenth birthday, with official if reluctant parental approval, Marjorie had arrayed herself in lipstick, rouge, perfume, eyebrow-black, brassiere, girdle, silk stockings, and stylish clothes, and plunged out once for all into the sea of dating. Mrs. Morgenstern fought off this debut with great energy to the very end. At first, when Marjorie was a little over fourteen, she objected to rouge. Then she gave in on rouge and objected to lipstick. Then she yielded on lipstick and declared war on the eyebrow-pencil. She kept up a fierce rearguard action for a long time against any kind of clothes that looked grown-up, the only kind Marjorie was interested in. But the mother's resistance collapsed when Marjorie reached fifteen. Any further fight was hopeless. Mrs. Morgenstern turned Marjorie loose, hoping for the best. It was the way things were done nowadays. Marjorie immediately ran into the furtive sex fumbling that all boys her own age considered natural and, in fact, obligatory. She was upset the first couple of times it happened. But her instinct, backed up by her mother's vague but horrid warnings, made her reject these advances with a strong arm. She found dates disappointing once the first thrill of having them was past. The pleasure lay mostly in the fact that she was doing grownup things, and in the theatrical fun of dressing and painting herself. Most of the boys she met were pimpled gangling fools. They kept trying to kiss and To page 51 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Mormngstar from page 49 liu^anxTpavvlie^^uTr^wheji she fought off these compliments, they sulked. It often seemed to her, in the first eight months of her fifteenth year, that all males were nasty louts, uid that she would have to and die an old maid for tastidiousness. She faced the prospect cheerfully. It was dur this time of her life that she worked up a number of bright arguments against marriage, and made fun of sex, and declared that instead of becom MMne man's dishwasher and cook she was going to be a career woman. She then met George Drobes. He came into her life via the Bronx YMHA. Marjoric went there to see an amateur iroduction of "Desire Under the Elms" in the company of a >\ whose name was now blotted from memory, but whom she remembered for buck teeth and wet hands. After the play there was dancing. teorge Drobes cut in on Marjoric. N Her first impression of him was that he had pleasantly dry palms. Then she realised, with a little shock, that she was dancing with an adult, not a boy. she had danced with men be töre ? uncles, and ageing cousins in their twenties?but this was the first time a grown man had approached her in the open arena of life. George cut in on her several times, and eventually asked for her telephone number, having danced her out into a quiet corridor. Marjorie was dazzled. She had not yet grown to her full height; George was a head taller than herself. She did not see the glasses and the reddened nose: she did not hear the snuffle. She saw an earnest, well-spoken man of twenty paying court to herself, a girl fifteen and a half, hardly past hanging by her heels in playgrounds, popping bubble gum, and cutting out pictures of stars in movie magazines George had a narrow bony face, thin lips, and bushy dark hair. His smile was sweet and faintly melancholy. She gave him her telephone number, and for a while they went on with a halting delicious conversation. But he was too big. too powerful, too flopping a fish for her inexpert hands. She could think of nothing but hei own age, and at last she blurted it out. George was astounded, he had taken her for eighteen he said The conversation died Hi took her back to th, wet handed boy and cut in on her no more. Marjoric could hardly sleep that night for thinking of George, and hating herself for mishandling him. During the next couple of weeks, whenever the telephone rang crimson rays seemed to shoot out of it. and Marjorh would fling herself at it. But it was never the marvellous twenty-year-old man. Then one rainy evening almost a month later, when she had given up hope, he really did call. He was clumsy and abrupt. Did she remember him? Was she well J Woulc. she come with him to a formal dance at the City College gymnasium ? Marjorie answered yes. yes. yes, in painful gasps?and it was over. She stood with the receiver in her hands, numb with joy. She had to tell her mother, of course. It took Mrs. Mor genstern only a few minutes to extract from the shaky girl everything she knew about George Drobes. The mother was less impressed than Marjorie had been to learn that hewas twenty years old, a col lege man, and a bacteriologist; nor was she quite so thrilled at the girl's being invited to a college formal dance before reaching sixteen. "If this fellow is as marvellous as you say. why should ho want to bother with a baby like y°u ?" "Mom. you'll never look at the good side of anything. Isn't it just possible that he could like mo ?" The mother at last gave a grudging consent to the dato, and even became a little infected with the girl's exhilaration when they shopped for an evening dress in downtoWn department stores Marjorio thought about nothing but the dance for two weeks. There were tremendous debates over hair-dos and make-up and color of shoes and exposure of bosom The day of the dance was cyclonic in the Morgenstern household, with Marjorie fretting and foaming at the centre. Then all at once, an hour before George was supposed to arrive. quiet ensued. The eternity passed, the time came, the doorbell rang; and she tripped to answer it, a shinyeyed child of fifteen and a half, with a bosom precociously full and panting under the flouncy blue tulle of her dress. She almost fainted when she saw George. He was in an army officer's uniform.- all glittering brass buttons and brown male power and glory. He himself had been too nervous on the telephone to mention that it was a reserve officer corps danci . The military apparition overpowered her family. Mrs. than she had ever been to one of Marjorie's escorts. The father stared at George with something like awe. and said nothing. Marjorie's younger brother, Seth, a lively urchin of eleven whose face shone from a harsh last-minute scrubbing, kept saluting and prancing in circles, humming "The Stars and Stripes For Ever.'' As for Marjorie, the only thought that pierced her fog of delight was that the living-room was a wretched cramped hole and the furniture terribly dowdy: she couldn't understand why she hadn't noticed it long ago. There was no end to the wonders of George Drobes. It turned out that he had his father's car for the occasion. It was old but painted a bright false green, and he drove with practised ease. Moreover, he had a name for the car, Penelope. She thought this was an incredibly clever and whimsical touch. Sitting beside George in the front seat of Penelope, Marjorie felt twenty-five vears old The dance was a delirium. The very air in the college gymnasium seemed to be blue and gauzy like her dress, and when she danced she seemed to be standing still, wrapped in George's strong arms, while the great bare walls and the handsome officers and the beautiful girls and the punching bags and monkey bars and wrestling mats and rowing machines wheeled round and round her gently in time to the music. On the way home. George stopped the car in Bronx Park, in a leafy dark nook filled with smells of springtime; and Marjorie found that there was more to kissing than the pecking foolishness of party games. It didn't seem wrong to kiss George. He was gentle and kind Between kisses he poured out for weeks to forget her, he said convinced that she was too young for him. But it had been impossible. He had invited her to the dance to prove to himself that she couldn't fit into his life. Instead he was fall mi more and more in love with her. Who could deny that she had been the loveliest girl at the dance, the most poised, the most intelligent. What did age matter when a girl had everything ? "Oh, you've just gone craz\\. Georg ( "Yes. I'll never get over it either. I'll wait five years. Marjorie. ten. whatever you say. You're my girl. There'll never be anyone else." Hearing such words. Marjorie surrendered herself to the pleasant process of kissing George without further fear. She had never experienced such bliss. How could she deny the evidence of her senses? For her. too, there would never be any one els< In the months that followed, George consolidated his position. He lived only a few subway stops from Marjorie. Walks in the park, movie dates, and casual meetings at ice-cream parlors or at the neighborhood library were simple to arrangi George soon came to enjo\ a great added advantage: Mrs Morgenstern openly opposed him, saying that Marjorn would do much better one of these days. This would probably have been enough in itseli to make the girl adore him But George did have persisting attractions in his own right. He was?at least by Marjorie s sixteen-year-old Standarth adult, witty. gracious, and suave. He had Penelope. And he thrilled Marjorie as she had never been thrilled befor In time their relationship To page 52 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 51 included some rather warm m i king sessions. But he was considerate. The advance of intimacy was very slow, and each step seemed natural when it happened. The necking was preceded- by George's reading aloud some poems of Edna St. Vincent Millay, which he did quite well in a husky voice. Then Marjorie moved to Central Park West. She smiled brightly at Sandy when George rang the doorbell, and hobbled to answer it before her mother could stop her. George stood in the doorway in the usual grey suit with the usual red tie, holding in his hand the battered brown hat, the only one he owned, with the threads coming loose on the band. It still gave Marjorie a thrill to open the door to George, though he no longer quite stunned her with his godlike masculinity. His smile was the same ? wide, sweet, a little more melancholy than it had been before he had given up bacteria for auto supplies. She felt a bit ashamed because Sandy Goldstone was in the dining-room wearing riding clothes. "Hi, George. Come in." His eye fell on the taped ankle, "Pooch?" "It's nothing, nothing at all. Sprained it a bit. Come on, you're just in time for coffee and cake." She took his hand, pressed it warmly, trying to tell him with this gesture that the handsome young stranger he was about to meet didn't mean a thing to her, as she led him into the dining-room. Mrs. Morgenstern smiled at George with her mouth muscles. Mr. Morgenstern looked unhappy. Sandy Goldstone rose with an amiable grin. Marjorie introduced the two men to each other. Sandy poked out a friendly hand. George took it as though it were a telegram containing bad news, and shook it briefly. Marjorie pulled a chair to the table beside her own. "Poor Sandy had the job of bringing me home after I was dumb enough to fall off a horse. Sit down, George." George was still standing, fumbling his brown hat. "I just had lunch. I'll wait in the living-room?" "Don't be funny." She pulled him into the chair. "Some coffee and cake won't kill you." "Cake's all gone," said Mrs. Morgenstern. "Good heavens, he can have mine," said Marjorie. "Pour him some coffee. Mom." "How are your folks, George ?" said Mr. Morgen stern. "Pop's ulcer is acting up again," George said. "T thought the new medicine was so good." "Well, it was for a while. 1 don't know. He went to a wedding and ate herring." "Herring.'' Foolish." Mr. Morgenstern had no ulcers, but feared he was getting them. He often talked with Geoi about his father's ulcer while Marjorie dressed for a date. It cheered him to hear of Mr Drobes sympioms, because thi were more acute than his own lie had really decided he like . George one evening when George told him of his fathti being carried off to a hospital in agony. "T hope he isn't in the hospital again?" "No, but he will be if he doesn't lay off herrings, that s for sure." "I like kippers myself," said Sandy. "You're just lucky," said Mr. Morgenstern, "that you're too young to worry about ulcers." "Please!" broke out the mother. "Who brought up ulcers ? Do we have to sit around the lunch table talking about ulcers?" She held out a cup of coffee to George. In reaching for it he flipped his. hat off his lap, instinctively grabbed for it. hit the coffee with his elbow, and sent it splashing across the table. "Mrs. Morgenstern, I'm sorry ? Oh, that's terrible ? I beg your pardon?" "Nothing at all. Coffee stains come out, usually," said the mother, sopping up the brown pool with a napkin "But that's the last of it, and it'll take a while to heat some more." "I assure you I don't want any. I was just taking it to be polite?" "I really have to be going,'' said Sandy. "Don't let me drive you away,"' said George. "Stick around." "Who drives anybody out of this house ?" said the mother. "Please. Sandy, come into the parlor and visit for a minute." Sandy dropped into the most comfortable armchair in the living-room, the one usually occupied by Mr. Morgenstern. George sat on a low bench in front of the artificial fireplace, his legs projecting bonify. He still held his hat, turning it between his legs round and round. Marjorie waited till the others were seated, then perched herself on the peach-colored hassock close to George. "Marjorie, that's hard on To page 56 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 52 your ankle. Conic sit by me," said the mother. "Oh, Mom, relax. It doesn't bother me at all. I'm perfectly comfortable." Mr. Morgenstern took a cigar and extended the humidor towards the two young men. They both declined. A silence followed during which die only activity in the room was Mr. Morgenstern lighting his cigar, and George turning his hat. "Don't you smoke, Sandy?" said the mother. "Oh, sure, tons of cigarettes, ma'am. Jus' don'' feel like it at the moment, thanks." Mr, Morgenstern said, "You're young enough to break the habit. Take my advice and quit." "That's what my dad says." grinned Sandy. "He smokes twenty cigars a day." "Mr. Goldstone owns Lamm's department store," said Mrs. Morgenstern to George. "Oh," said George, reversing the direction of his hat. "One of these days Til have to start on cigarettes," said Marjorie. "I love the smell of them." "Over my dead body," said Mrs. Morgenstern. "They're not so bad," said Sandy. "It's not refined for girls to smoke cigarettes," said the mother. "Married women, maybe. Not girls. Get married first, then you can smoke your head off." "That's right," said George. "I think a cigarette makes a girl look hard." Mrs. Morgenstern said, "What are you talking about ? Nothing could make Marjorie look hard." "Well, I don't think so either. But if anything could, cigarettes could." "Nothing could," said the mother. "George," said Marjorie, "for heaven's sake put down that hat." "I didn't know I still had it," said George, looking at the hat. It went on turning in his hands. Marjorie snatched it and put it on a table beside her. "Does your father ride horseback, too?" Mrs. Morgenstern said to Sandy. "Well, dad's more a golf player, but when we started going to Arizona he took up riding. Nothing much to do there but ride. He got pretty good at it. He usually does, whatever he goes in for." "Your father keeps himself in shape. Smart man," said Mr. Morgenstern, rolling his cigar in his fingers. "Beats me at everything, pretty near. Won't play tennis with me because I can hold my own at that. Dad doesn't like to lose." "He sounds like a very fine person." said Mrs. Morgenstern. "A big businessman, but he finds time to play games with his son." Sandy looked a little less self-assured, almost sheepish. He pulled a cigarette out of his shirt pocket and lit it with a llick of a yellow metal lighter. "Well, dad says, he's going to make a man of me if it kills him. He thinks I'm prettv hopeless.',' Mrs. Morgenstern laughed. "I'll bet he doesn't. He's just toughening* you up to step-into his shoes." "Well, I know. But I'd rather be a doctor, you see." George, who was sitting in a mournful slump, looked up with interest. "Are you pre med ?" "Sort of. Not officially yet. so as to avoid family arguments, but I'm taking all the courses." Mrs. Morgenstern said. "Will, to be a doctor is a fine thine:. But to give up a million-dollar business to study foi seven years and then sit around in ä dinky otFice for ten more before you make a decent living?" she shrugged, and smiled. "You'll think better of it when the time comes." Sandy twisted his mouth. "You re on dad's side. That's exactly what he says." "I'm on your side," said George. "I'm a bacteriologist, myself. I'd rather take blood counts in a charity ward than run R. H. Macy's." "I would like to be a doctor," said Mr. Morgenstern. "Every man you talk to wanted to be a doctor or a writer," said Mrs. Morgenstern. "It's like a disease. And still half of the doctors are starving, and all of the writers. And why ? Because most people are healthy, and hardly anybody reads books. It's that simple. Business is what keeps the, world going. And still nobody has a good word for busi ness." Marjorie said to Sandy with a laugh, "This is an old family fight. Dad wants my brother Seth to be a doctor. Mom wants him to carry on the business." "And what does Seth want to do?" said Sandy. "He has a fine ambition," said the mother. "He wants to be the first man to fly to the moon." Sandy burst out laughing. "I'm all for him." He rose, and offered his hand to George. "Got to go. Nice meeting you. Are you on a hospital staff?" With a ghost of a grin, George said, "Regard me as a horrible example. I've succumbed. I'm in my father's business. But only temporarily, I hope." "That's the spirit," said Sandy. "Take my word for it,'' George told him mournfully. "The pressures close in on you as you get older." "I guess they do," Sandy said, more distantly. "After all. George," said Mrs. Morgenstern, "an autosupply store in the Bronx isn't Lamm's." Marjorie said with a cutting edge in her voice. "The principle is exactly the same, Mom." "Oh, the principle," said Mrs. Morgenstern. Marjorie limped with Sandy to the door, preventing her mother with a fierce look from accompanying them. "Thanks for lunch?that is, thank your mom for me," said Sandy. "Thank you for bringing me home,'' said Marjorie, opening the door and ringing for the elevator. "I hope Vera won't be too angry with you." Sandy grinned. "She's boiling, I'm sure." He leaned against the doorpost, fished a cigarette from his shirt pocket, and lit it. He looked out of place in an apartment hallway, almost like a cowhand, with his easy powerful gestures, his sunburn, the faint horsy smell from his red shirt, and the slow clear male grin. He had even picked up a trace of a drawl in Arizona, or maybe it was his own way of talking. If so it was very odd in a Manhattan Jewish boy. This was Sandy at his most attractive. He seemed to dim out in the To page 57 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 56 living-room for a while, especially when he spoke of his father. She rang the bell again. " These elevators." I'm in no hurry. You and 1 can have a nice little chat." About what? Vera Cashman ?" He looked at her from under raised eyebrows. He reached out a long arm and mussed her hair. Mop that,'' she said, tossing her head. "I like your friend George. Kind of old for you, though." "That's how much you know." "Let me tell you something about riding a horse." Sandy ^aid. "You must never forget i. thing. You're a person and he's a horse. That means vou're better than he is, even ;liough he seems to be four nines as smart as you and eight aiies as big. Now when it's i question of ?" The elevator came jangling up the shaft. "Oh. dear," said Marjorie. "And it was just getting interesting." Sandy mussed her hair again. "You remind me of my kid MSter." He grinned and waved ;o her from inside the elevator. Have fun. Stay off that ankle. Bye." Marjorie returned to the livL-toom. Mr. Morgenstern was lying to George: "Was the pain high up or down low ?" "For heaven's sake," said Marjorie. "That ulcer again?" "Well." The father stood and walked out saying, "Give my best to him, George. Tell him to stay away from herring." "That Sandy seems to be a nice kid. Columbia?" said 1 reorge. Marjorie nodded. "Is the one who took you to the dance ?" "Heavens, no. I went with a it tool named Billy Ehrmann. He's the one I went riding with. too. But he just got all panicky when my foot began to hurt. So Sandy took charge and brought me home. Sandy has a knockout of a girl. A rich Cornell blonde from Scarsdale.'" "He'd prefer you if he were smart." "Everyone isn't as smart as you." "How's your ankle now?" "I hardly notice it any more. Once the doctor got the boot off it was fine." "All the same." George said, regarding the thick white lump of bandage, "1 guess the drive in the country is out, isn't it? Too bad. I had plans." "Did you ?" "All kinds of plans." Marjorie felt a thrust of combative affection for him. "I don't know why I can't go. George, if you really have plans. My ankle hardly hurts, really ?" George brightened. "Could you? I not only have plans. I'vi made a reservation, I've ?" he stopped short. "But it's all got to be a surprise. Can you come ?" "TU ask mama." The traffic crawled honking under a low orange sun between parallel green lines of trees and grey lines of concrete. Dandelions choked the strips of lawn dividing the auto lanes. Penelope was groaning and clanking over the top of a hill in second gear; they were moving too slowly to travel in high. Far ahead on the winding Long Island parkway Marjorie could see thousands of cars in two thick, black streams, writhing in a dirty blue haze of exhaust fumes. George hit the horn and Penelope uttered a jerky noise like the laugh of a sick old man. "Dear, it doesn't help to do that," Marjorie said. She shifted uncomfortably, crossing the bandaged ankle over the other leg. A loose spring in the seat was pinching her. The decay of Penelope had much advanced in a year. The green paint was cracking off in big patches of rust, the upholstery had popped open in half a dozen places, and the glass in the windshield was held together with surgical tape. Worst of all was the noise from underneath, a queer, intermittent, rasping groan. George said it was a loose transmission, not worth fixing and nothing to worry about. But it worried Marjorie. The whole excursion rather worried her. She was beginning to regret she had allowed her mother's objections to stampede her into going. With a ready-made excuse in the injured ankle, she could easily have avoided this long drive on the first nice Sunday in Mav. when the parkways are always horrible. But it was almost a matter of honor to insist on doing anything that her mother opposed, the more so when George was concerned. George himself was acting strangely. He was taking her to dinner at the Villa Marlene, he said, the most expensive restaurant on Long Island. How could he afford it, she wondered, and why was he doing it ? He had evaded her questions with mysterious winks and grins. To take her mind from the jam, and her headache, and George's queerness. and Penelope's noise, she suggested a game of Twenty Questions. They played for over an hour, until the traffic thinned beyond Mineola and they began running with more speed through a charming countryside of green rolling estates and brown potato farms. She beat him four times, which irritated him and made her feel better. Twenty Questions had always been their favorite pastime on long rides. At first George had always beaten her; for a while they had played even; now he rarely won. Marjorie's college education was fresher than his. and he had no time to read. He said at last that he was bored with the game, and they rode in silence. The cool fresh country air cleared Marjorie's headache, but her uneasiness deepened as they drove along in a splashing sunset and then in blue twilight. She tried to get George to talk, but he wouldn't. Now and then he reached over and fondled her knee and winked. She wasn't pleased by the possessive gesture but she didn't know how to stop it. George had fondled her knee hundreds of times in the past with her enthusiastic approval. The first view of the famous restaurant was disappointing. Marjorie had expected floodlit vistas of garden, avenues of trees, perhaps a pond with white swans. But it was just a weathered grey wooden house with a faded gilt sign over the doorway, a patchy little lawn, and a few overgrown trees and lilac bushes. Thf' parking lot in the back was full of Cadillacs and Chryslers. Penelope, chugging into a space between two sleek convertibles and dying with a snort and a backfire, looked strikingly out of place. A parking attendant hurried up. With a swift glance at the car, at George's clothes, and at Marjorie's bandaged ankle, L he said in a German accent, "Sorry, restaurant all full." "I have a reservation. Drobes is the name." The man glanced at a scribbled list in his hand. "Sorry, sair. No Traub on the list." "Not Traub. Drobes. This is ^ridiculous." George raised his voice. "I made the reservation at noon. For six o'clock." The headwaiter took another look at the list. "Mr. Traub, sair." he said in a tone of heartbroken reproach, "it is quarter past seven." "That's too bad. We got caught in the parkway jam. We've been driving two and a half hours, and now we're here and we're hungry." "You have to wait, Mr. Traub. Maybe long wait." "Okay, we'll wait. Come, on in. Marge." The headwaiter stepped back, shrugging, and showed George and Marjorie through a brightly lit dining-room full of cheerful, chattering diners into a shadowy parlor that served as a bar, furnished with dingy brown plush armchairs and sofas. Now that beer and wine were legal, restaurants like the Villa Marlene were taking further liberties with the expiring law. In one corner at the bar a group of college boys with shaven heads were making drunken noises. There were about a dozen other couples in the bar, some drinking, some just sitting. They were all very well dressed, and they all had in common an expression of suffering hunger. "Let's have a table as soon as possible, we're famished," said George. "Sunday night bad. Mr. Traub. Do my best, sair," said the headwaiter. addressing George with the back of his head. He bolted away to greet some newcomers at the door, dropping two of the menus as though by mistake on the arm of George's chair. After much hand-waving and finger-snapping George caught the attention of a waiter in a red mess-jacket hovering by the college boys. The waiter came, flourishing his pad; stared at Marjorie's slippered foot, peered down his nose -at George, and said, "What you want, sair?" "One rye and ginger ale and one Coca-Cola." The waiter looked revolted, made a note, and walked back to his post by the college boys, where he stood unmoving for perhaps fifteen minutes. George began to fidget. Then he began to wave his hands and snap his fingers. The college boys meanwhile were boisterously ordering another round of drinks. The waiter bowed, smiled, scribbled, and came hurrying past George, who jabbed him in the side. The waiter halted, looking down at George as though he had meowed. "How about those drinks?" said George. "Coming right up. sair." "Why do we have to wait a quarter of an hour for them ?" "Sunday night is bad, sair." The frosty Coca-Cola brought little relief to Marjorie's empty stomach. George sipped his drink moodily. The college boys, shepherded by the headwaiter. weaved to a To page 58 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 57 large round table in the dining-room, shouting jokes. They could not have looked more uniform ? all were stringy, bristle-headed, jaunty, long jawed, with gold rings and cuff links, very white shirts, and baggy brown jackets and grey trousers. Marjorie resented them because George looked so unlike them, because only one of them glanced at her, and because they were going to eat. Sandy Goldstone, she thought, was handsomer than any of them. One by one couples were called in to dinner, and others arrived to sit around looking hungry. After a while George noticed that some of the newcomers were getting tables. He jumped up and sawed, his arms in the air until the headwaiter came. "We were ahead of those people!" "Sorry, sair, Mr. Traub. They have reservations." "I had a reservation two hours before they did." "Right away, sair. Not long now, Mr. Traub." When the bar was almost empty, and the waiter was yawning and washing the tables, the headwaiter came smiling. "This way, sair." He put them at a flower-decorated table on the glassed porch, next to a laree party of elderly people. Marjorie surmised they were rich by their fine clothes, the strange dry twang of their voices, and the champagne buckets flanking their table. George tried to order filet of sole. But the headwaiter recommended the house specialty, roast Long Island duckling, with such bland patience that George was crushed. "All right then, duck for two. And champagne," he added belliger ently. "Yes, sair. Piper Heidsieck, sair ? Mumm's, sair ?" "Just any good champagne." "Very good, sair, Mr. Traub." Fifteen minutes, twenty minutes, half an hour went by. No food came. George's lower jaw lolled open, his lip pulled in over the teeth. He said to Marjorie, "I haven't had anything to eat since breakfast. I'm dying." He pounded his glass with a knife and demanded service, glaring like a cornered animal at the headwaiter. With pleasant deference, the man explaind that at the Villa Marlene everything was cooked to order. George asked for some rolls and butter, some salad, anything. "Right away now, sair." More time went by. The people at the next table, finishing their dessert and coffee, were having a lively argument as to whether President Roosevelt was a criminal or just a lunatic. "Franklin is a deeply mediocre person, that's all," said one withered little man with a hairy mole on his chin, who was leaning back smoking a long cigar. "He was mediocre when we were working together in the Navy Department, and he's still mediocre." George turned a fork over and over, snuffling, and Marjorie gnawed a knuckle. Forty-five minutes after they had been seated, the waiter brought two sizzling small ducks, a basket of French bread, salad, and vegetables. While he fussed over the vegetables the headwaiter came with glittering carving instruments and artistically dismembered the birds. Meantime Marjorie and George wolfed up most of the bread with indecent speed. The headwaiter finished carving the birds and handed the table waiter a platter full of little wings, thighs, breasts, and legs. He then walked off to the kitchen with the two duck carcases, which were covered with meat; evidently at the Villa Marlene it was bad form to eat the body of a duck. Marjorie groaned. "George, make him bring those ducks back. All that meat?" George merely made a gobbling noise, his mouth full of bread, his eyes on the meat that remained. But almost immediately ? the transformation took no longer than the devouring of the food and the drinking of a couple of glasses of champagne ?the look of everything changed. The headwaiter, leaning in the doorway with his menus, no longer seemed to Marjorie a bullying snob, but a genuine jolly host, rosy-faced and beaming, an innkeeper out of Dickens. The food was lovely, marvellous, the best she had ever eaten. The Villa Marlene really was charming after all, with its wallpaper of pink French courtiers dancing a minuet, its dim orange lights, its lilac-scented air. The rich people at the next table were elegant aristocrats of the old school, and it was delightful to be dining so near them. George's spirits came back, too. His spine straightened, color returned to his cheek, and liveliness to his eye. He lit a cigar and sipped his champagne, leaning back with one elbow on a chair arm, in the exact pose of the old man who thought that Franklin was deeply mediocre. Marjorie decided that George had a sensitive handsomeness far surpassing the magazine- cover good looks of the college boys (who had left more than an hour ago). She drank several glasses of champagne, and began to feel mightily exhilarated. 'Everything all right?" said George, squinting through his cigar smoke. "Everything's divine," said Marjorie. The headwaiter filled their glasses with the last of the champagne and put the bottle neck down in the bucket. "Thank you, madame." He bowed. "Some brandy, sair, Mr. Traub?" "Why, I daresay, I daresay," said George. "You, Marjorie?" "I?I'd better not, thanks." Marjorie's teeth felt curiously tight, and she seemed to be hearing her own voice with an echo to it, as though she were shouting down a well. "Now then," said George, when the waiter had brought coffee and set brandy before him in a shimmering bubble of glass, "are you ready?" "Sure," said Marjorie. "For what?" "The surprise." With a qualm, Marjorie now thought of the hints, the winks, the fondling of her knee. "Why, I guess so. But I'm feeling awfully good as it is, George?I don't need anything more, George?" Inexorably George's hand went plunging into his jacket pocket. Marjorie knew what was coming, before she saw the little blue leather box in his hand, before he opened it, before the two rings lay winking and glittering at her in a bed of purple velvet. "Oh. George . . . George!" "Pretty, aren't they?" His eyeglasses gleamed at her. "Beautiful, they're beautiful. Conceit is incom patible with understanding. ? Tolstoy But ? George ? really, I'm dumbfounded?" "It doesn't have to be next week or next month," George said eagerly. "Or even next year. We just ought to know where we stand, and let everybody else know?" Marjorie put her champagne to her mouth and sipped it deliberately, looking at George over the rim of the glass with young, scared eyes. At fifteen, at sixteen, she had daydreamed away a thousand blissful hours picturing this event, panting for the time when it would come. Now here it was. But she had not been panting for it recently. If anything she had been shutting it from her mind, telling herself that she was too young to be thinking of engagements, ignoring the fact that during the preceding year and a half she had considered herself more than old enough. Defiant of her mother's nagging, she had kissed George, ,md Decked with him, and sworn she could never love anyone else, during all that time; and now here were two rings staring her in the face. Even now, backed to the wall, Marjorie could not admit to herself that her mother was right, that George was a decent but dull fellow, that she had made a donkey of herself over a girlish infatuation, that she was destined to do much better. She was touched by the offer of the rings, and grateful to George. She was merely irritated with him for his clumsy pressing of the issue. She was only now beginning to grow up a bit, to discover life and her own self. Why was he in such a hurry? Why must he ask her to take herself out of the world at seventeen? It wasn't fair. She put down the glass. "Wow. this is wicked stuff. I'm .'.oating four feet off the floor." George said eagerly, waving a finger at the headwaiter, "Let's crack another bottle, really celebrate?" "No." She looked at her watch. "Darling, do you know it's after ten? We won't get home till morning in all that traffic. Mama will have kittens. Let's go." "But we've got so much to talk about, pooch. This is an important night in our lives?" "Dear, we'll have enough time on the road to talk out everything, hours and hours and hours?" So George asked for the check. The headwaiter brought him the change on a metal platter, and said with a beautiful bow. "Was your dinner satisfactory, Mr. Traub?" "Perfect, perfect, thank you." George fumbled a fivedollar bill from the plate and gave it to him, and left two dollars on the table for the waiter. "Thank you. sair. Bon soir, madame. Bon soir, Mr. Traub." He bowed again. George bowed back. They went out into the cool night, and the door closed behind them. George shook his head and said with a stunned look, "Have I gone crazy? Why did I give that swine five dollars?" He tipped the man in the parking lot a dime. The man cursed loudly in German as they drove off. Penelope's noises seemed worse as they bumped along the dark side road. The groan under the floorboard fa uj changed to a screech like an electric butcher-saw on bone. "Dear," said Marjorie in some alarm, "how about that noise?" George cocked his ear and gnawed his lip. "Well, nothing to be done about it. Can't r down the transmission now a the side of the road. I don't know. Sometimes she just works through these noises and purrs like a cat again. We'll see." Coming to the parkway they could see strings of white headlights stretched to the horizon in one direction and strings of red tail-lights in the other, moving in the moonlight with the slimy slow of worms. "Oh, dear," said Marjorie. "Well, Sunday night is bad," said George. It took him ten minutes of narrow manoeuv ring to wedge into the solid west-bound line. "Okay," he said with n grinning at her, "homeward bound." He reached over and tousled her hair and she was unpleasantly reminded of Sandy Goldstone. "Don't worry, you'll be in your little brown bed by midnight." He pulled the box of rings out of his pocket. "Take another look at them? I think they re honeys." "George, they must have cost a fortune." She eyed the ring's in the dim, yellow light of the parkway lamps. They wer' i matched pair in white gold, the wedding ring plain, the engagement ring set with a small rose-cut diamond. "What's the difference? They're yours." "No, really. After all, I know how hard things have been and ?" "Well, it sometimes helps -have a jeweller in the family George looked roguish. "George, did vour Uncle Albie give them to you ?" "Marge, it's perfectly all To page 61 continuing Marjorie Morningstar from page 58 rieht. It was his own idea. Naturally I'll pay him some day as soon as I'm able." The ti aiding noise of Penelope was . so loud that George was shouting a little. "Shouldn't we wait till then ?" Marjorie's teeth were l by the motion of the car. "What ?" Marjorie repeated it louder. George, clutching the wheel, which was beginning to shimmy, shouted, "What kind silly remark is that? I'm . udging away in the Bronx zing to save up enough to sh my M.A. and Ph.D., and you're flitting around .viitown meeting new guys day, going to Columbia its, and what all ? how do you suppose that makes me feel? I'm worried. I can't tell what you ?" He broke off, his whole body ifening, his arms rigid on the wheel. Penelope suddenly was Elapsing in a frightful way, ihaking and bumping and lashing, with a smell of redhot iron filling the car and trickles of smoke coming up through the floorboard. George :rved off the parkway: the tricken car went bouncing over !t earth. He shut off the nition. reached roughly across Marjorie to shove open the door, and pushed her out. "Get clear." Marjorie stumbled away hrough the grass, soaking her stockings, then turned and watched George cautiouslyopen the hood and shine a llashlight at the engine. He ducked under the chassis and (lashed the light here and there. Penelope stood hub ep in weeds, leaning to one side. On the road cars flowed by with a rich hiss of tyres, nobody stopping to look at the wreck or offer help. George stood and waved. "Okay, come back. Stripped gear, I guess. There's no hre." Walking back to the car, Marjorie became aware of something bulky in her hand. She held it up and was astonished to see that she was still clutching the jewel box. "Now what ?" she said to George. "Phone for a tow-car. Nothing else to do." He shrugged his bowed shoulders, patted the hood of the car, and peered through the swarm of cars. "There's a police phone, I think, on that lamp-post down there. Gome with me or stay here? I'll just be a couple of minutes." "I ? I guess Td better stay off the ankle, George " "All right." He opened the car door. "Might as well get m the back where it's comfortable. The front is finished for a while." "George," she said as he turned to go. "Yes ?" "You'd ? maybe you'd better hold on to these. I lose things all the time." The moonlight made a white blank of his glasses as he took the box. "Right," he said with no expression in his voice. He carefully stowed the box in his pocket, snuffled, and walked off down the road swinging the flashlight. She came home after one. The apartment was dark and quiet. On her bed was a note in her mother's spiky handwriting: Sandy Goldstone called. Wanted to know how your ankle was. Called three times. Billy Ehrmann was the booby of his fraternity, and being seen with him had done Marjorie little good at Columbia: but once Sandy Goldstone started dating her. the Morgenstern telephone began to ring busily after school hours. Lively and pretty though she was. she needed Sandy's sponsorship because she was a Hunter girl. That was almost as disqualifying, in the estimation of Sandy's West Side set, as living north of 96th Street; whch was only a shade less disqualifying than living in the Bronx. Snobbisness. of course, is a relative thing. The older and wealthier Jewish families, who lived on the Upper East Side, would have been distressed had the West Side boys dated their daughters. And these families doubtless caused the well-to-do Christian families to wonder what was becoming of Park Avenue and Fifth Avenue. The terracing of caste extended up ward into an azure realm of blood, breeding, and property as remote from little Marjorie Morgenstern as the planet Sat urn. From her viewpoint, however, her small move upward was skyrocketing. Sandy Goldstone had begun to take her out. It followed that Bill Dryfus could, and Dan Kadane, and Neil Wein, and Norman Fisher, and Allen Orbach. She soon had to buy a little leatherbound notebook to keep track of her dates. The rush of success made her rather dizzy. It seemed to go to hei mother s head. too. Mrs. Morgenstern took her on a round of Manhattan shops and bought her a closetful of expensive new clothes. When the father objected to the bills, which were far beyond their means, Mrs. Morgenstern simply said, "A girl of seventeen can't go around in rags." Marjorie had been arguing for two years that girls of fifteen and sixteen couldn't go around in rags (the rags in question being a quite presentable middle-priced wardrobe), but her mother had been deaf to the doctrine until now. Marjorie saw in her conversion a crafty plan to trap Sandy Goldstone, so her gratitude for the clothes was a bit tainted by cynicism. But she did the mother an injustice. Mrs. Morgenstern probably hoped to see her some da> catch the department-store heii. or a prize like him. Mainh. however, she was carried awa\ by her daughter's flowering beauty -the girl seemed to grow prettier every week in the sunshine of success ?and by the mood of springtime, and by the parade of handsome welldressed boys gathering in Marjorie's wake. Satiric though the mother's attitude was towards Marjorie. her daughter really rather dazzled her. At se\ nteen Rose Kupperberg had been a Yiddish-speaking immigrant girl toiling in a dirty Brooklyn sweatshop, dressed in overalls. Watching her daughter burst into bloom on Central Park West, her own lonely miserable adolescence came back to her, and by contrast it seemed to her that Marjorie was living the life of a fairy-tale princess. She envied her and she admired her and was a bit afraid of her and drew deep vicarious delight from her growing vogue. The decline of George Drobcs that went with it completed the mother's satisfaction. For after the Villa Marlene disaster George was clearly on the wane. He maintained an aggrieved silence for a couple of weeks, then telephoned Marjorie. She was as sweet to him as ever and they continued to see each other. But Marjorie's conscience troubled her less and less about dating new beys. George was losing his two great advantages with Marjorie. advantages which often are enough to bring about marriage if nothing interferes. When she was fifteen he had bent down to her from the celestial altitude of twenty: that altitude, however. had j dwindled, as Marjorie rapidly | matured and George slowed near his final level. And he : had oeen the first man to thrill j her with kisses, so the ancient universal spell of sex had in j Marjorie's eyes come to halo j George Drobes personally. George's one remaining chance lay in nailing the girl down while she was still under that fragile delusion: and a dim sense of this must have been behind his desperate Villa Marlene gamble. Penelope's breakdown lost George much more than a means of transportation. It deprived him of a dark front seat. Since Marjorie was no girl to neck in hallways or on park benches, George was stymied. The single shred of hope for him was that Marjorie as yet hadn't necked with anyone else. But this was not from want of opportunity or candidates. Evening after evening she was finding herself in dark front seats more luxurious than Penelope's, with the old problem on her hands. It was delightful to be taken to the best To page 63 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 61 dancing places, to be able to chatter knowingly about the Biltmore and the Roosevelt and the St. Regis, about Guy Lumbal do and Hal Kemp and Glen Gray; but in the end it all came to the same thing. Central «Park West and the Bronx were no different in this respect. Marjorie founc ie sameness of boys at the eiiu of an evening rather comical ? the heavy breathing, the popping . the grasping, damp hands, noarse unconvincing romantic mumbling ? but after innocently laughing at them a i pie of times she realised what a mistake that was. It was too effectively discourag They drove her home in fury and never spoke to her The idea was to fend off the advances, not the boys. Moral ^nation was hopeless; it was getting angry at the weather. Every boy tried. Moreover, Marjorie couldn't help feeling that they had some [ right on their side. They were entertaining her lavishly. Were they to have no reward? , In theory, she knew, her com pany for the evening was supposed to be the reward. Theory often required some squaring with facts. Under continual pressure she soon worked out two rules: 1\. No necking at all; I. No kiss on the first two :s thereafter, one kiss for »od night and maybe one more to cut off prolonged begging. - . . This policy seemed to work, inasmuch as the boys grumbled ind complained and whined, Dut usually called her up again after a few days. However, she acquired a reputation for ng "frigid." Sooner or later cry bov brought out the'word to salve his self- esteem at being iobbed off with one kiss. The ignosia didn't trouble her. In the Hunter lunchroom she had listened to an enormous iiuount of conversation about ( king. She knew that girls who necked freely were thrown iver by boys just as often as .hose who didn't. Marjorie had about reached the conclusion that boys were on the whole more fascinated by sex withheld than by sex mauled; and since this is nearly the sum of wisdom on the subject of young love, she managed for the time being to keep out of trouble. The one exception in all this, oddly enough, was Sandy Goldstone. Though he took her out more often than the others, he did not even try to kiss her good night. Marjorie was grateful at first for his unusual restraint. Then she began to wonder whether it wasn't a gambit of dark villainy. Then, when he persisted in this genial, undemanding conduct, she grew a bit annoyed. The way things were. chivalrx seemed to require a man to make some attempt at necking, however brief and formal. However, he was a superb dancer and obviously he liked her company. His wry sense of humor, mostly directed at himself, amused her very much. She gave over puzzling about his diffidence, leaving the answer to time, and simply enjoyed herself with him. May drifted into June and examination week came. Marjorie had to break off the lovely whirl to plunge into cramming. Her method was standardised and cold- blooded. The night before each examination she read the textbook through with rapt attention as though it were a detective story; when there were two exams in a day she read both books in one night. Her mind, rather like a boardwalk photographer's camera, took a picture of the subject, which stayed pretty clear for twenty-four hours, though it grew blurry in a week and faded to nothing in a month. She drank gallons of coffee, ate tins of aspirins, slept two or three hours a night, and staggered to and from school with red eyes, pale cheeks, and spinning brain. It was a.horrible ordeal. But Marjorie had concluded long ago that she got the best marks at the least cost of time and energy this wa\\. She was not much interested in her studies, but self-respect required her to be in the top half of the ( lass She emerged from the grim week with a high B average as usual; and as usual with a fierce head cold, which developed this time into a grippe. She was in bed for ten days, aching and feverish. But aches and fever were the least of the troubles caused by this grippe. All the boys telephoned regularly to ask how she was getting on ? except Sandy. Rosalind Green, visiting Marjorie on her sick-bed. helpfully notified her that Vera Cashman had returned from Cornell and that Sandy was squiring the blonde around again with great zest. She also volunteered what Sandy had confided to Phil Boehm, and Phil Boehm to her: namely, that Vera Cashman was a re markably accomplished necker. This was not exactly news to Marjorie. She had observed the blonde's little tricks: taking a cigarette from Sandy's mouth and puffing it, abscntlv running a finger along the back of his hand, dancing too close, and losing her fingers in his hair while they danced. But with a temperature of over 103. she could do little about the information except work uo garish nightmares of Sandv kissing and eventually marrying the blonde. Helpless in bed, 'Marjorie consoled herself with longdrawn telephone flirting with the other boys, and with the reflection that she didn't care about Sandy Goldstone anywav, because her future lay in the theatre. The riot of social success had obscured for a while the vision of Marjorie Morningstar. Now in the dragging bedridden hours it brightened. She sent her brother out for volumes of plays and for the summer catalogues of colleges and drama schools. She read through all of Eugene O'Neill and Noel Coward and much of Shaw. Her theatrical ambition flared, fed by the heat of fever and fanned by the delirium of grippe, which dissipated obstacles and multiplied rainbows. The first thing she did when the doctor released her from bed, wan and five pounds lighter, was to enrol in an acting course at New York University and an elementary playwriting course at Columbia; the latter because Shaw somewhere said that the best way to learn about the theatre was to try to write for it. This turn of events greatly annoyed Mrs. Morgenstern, to whom Marjorie s acting plans were the" merest vapor. She disliked wasting the forty dollars that the enrolments cost, though she offered to put the money gladly on Marjoric's back in a new dress or suit. Aftei an argument she paid the fees, muttering that Marjorie could probably be cured of any career by actually try ing to work at it. But Marjorie attended both courses faithfully and did well in them despite an extravagant round of dates, dances, picnics, and parties that went on all sumniei. She dashed oil one short playlet based on the storv of Jael and Sisera transposed to Nazi Germany, which earned an enthusiastic scrawl in red ink from the instructor. Her pleasure in this endorsement ? which she happily Brandished under her mother's nose ? was somewhat lessened by the fact that the seven other student playwrights in the course seemed to be half witted eccentrics; especially one bright-eyed old maid who brought two cats meowinu in a suitcase to every class session. Her dramatic instructor, an old actor with a shock of perfectly groomed white hair, a hearing-aid, and a British accent, said she showed much promise and gave her the best ingenue parts to act out in class, staring hungrily at her legs. It was a pleasant and diverting summer, but the shadow of Sandy Goldstone's neglect of her lay over it. Mrs. Morgenstern must have suggested twenty ways of getting Sandy to see her again, all of which Marjorie vetoed with growing irritation. She saw Sandy often at parties and nightclubs, always with the blonde, who managed more than one poisoned simper at her. He even danced with Marjorie a few times. He seemed as fond of her as ever, behind his smokescreen of ambiguous joking. But he never called her. Mrs. Morgenstern was not one to float becalmed on an unfavoring drift of events. One steamy morning in Mid-August she said to Marjorie at breakfast, "This weather is getting impossible, flow would you like to go to the Prado for a week or so?" "Mom. the Prado?" "h you can spare the time from your dramatic studies, that is?" "Of course I can, but?why, the Prado's for millionaires?" "It's not that bad. A lot of my friends are there. They say it's a very nice place. They're not millionaires." "I'd be mad about it, Mom, but ? the Prado ?" "Well, we'll see. I'll talk to papa." Next morning they were on a grimy Long Island train with Marjories fancy wardrobe in three trunks in the baggage car. Mr. Morgenstern was remaining in the citv; the summer was his busiest season. Thev had stopped briefly in his office in the garment district to pick up some cash and Marjorie had all but fainted in the windowless little office smelling so strongly of ink. stale coffee, and the peculiar dust of the feathers and straws lying baled in the shop. Mr. Morgenstern, in a grey tie and coat despite the killing heat, with a face almost as grey as his coat and almost as wet as the dripping watercooler behind his chair, had limply counted out some bills and wished them a pleasant time. The Prado did not look at all like what it was. a kosher hotel. It had smooth, green lawns, a white, crushed-stone driveway, broad terraces, redclay tennis courts criss-crossed with new whitewash, and a huge blue swimming-pool full of bronzed young people diving, splashing, and laughing. Beyond the hotel and its immense formal gardens lay a white, curved beach and the hissing sea. Not long ago it had been a To page 64 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 63 fashionable hotel barred to Jews. But the fashion had changed, the smart set having gone farther out on the island. A few Christians, mostly politicians and theatre people, still came to the Prado, but it was now a known Jewish resort, and all anybody needed to stay there was enough money to pay the bill. That was sufficient restriction to keep it luxurious and elegant, despite its social decline. Staring around at the marble pillars, Persian carpets, and fine statuary and paintings of the lobby, Marjorie did not see Sandy Goldstone at the hotel desk until he called, "Hi, Marge!" A white canvas bag of golf clubs was slung over his shoulder and he was brown as a Mexican. The woman with her arm through his, small and plump in a smart white dress with streaks of grey in her dark hair, picked up silver-rimmed glasses on a delicate chain around her neck and peered at Mrs. Morgenstern. "Why, hello, Rose. You here ?" "Hello, Mary," Mrs. Morgenstern said. "Sandy, how are you ?" "Well, what a surprise. Why didn't you let me know you were coming?" said Mrs. Goldstone. "You knew we were here. I'd have arranged lunch Marjorie glanced at her mother, who suddenly appeared sheepish and confused. "Why, I guess ? the thing is, Mary we just decided to come on the spur of the moment. Mr. Morgenstern wouldn't let us stay in the city, it's so awful in there. I don't think you've met Marjorie yet, have you ? Marjorie, Mrs. Goldstone." The silver-rimmed glasses turned and glittered at the girl. "How do you do?" The hand was cool and dry, the hand shake brief. Sandy invited them to come along for a foursome. "We don't play golf," Marjorie said. "I'm always willing to learn," said Mrs. Morgenstern. "It would take us a little while to register and change, but?" "Mom, I do not want to learn to play golf just now," said Marjorie, making the words separate and distinct as pistol shots. Maybe we can have lunch together," Mrs. Morgenstern said to Sandy's mother. "What table are you sitting at ?" Mrs. Goldstone smiled. "I'm afraid we won't be back for lunch. We're having a bite at the clubhouse. But I'm sure we'll see a lot of you. Goodbye." While Mrs. Morgenstern registered and while they rode up in the elevator, Marjorie held the flesh of her lower lip between her teeth. Mrs. Morgenstern wore an innocent, happy smile. Marjorie slammed the door of their room behind her and stood with her back to it. "Mother, we're going straight home." "What? Are you crazy?" said the mother mildly, taking off her hat at the mirror. "We just got here." "How could you, Mom? How could you ?" "How could I what? Can I help it if the Goldstones like the Prado ? Does that mean we're not allowed to come here? It's still a free country, even if Sandy is at the Prado." Two bellboys in gold-braided, scarlet suits wheeled in the trunks. Marjorie strode to the window and stood in a silent rage while Mrs. Morgenstern cheerfully directed the bellboys in placing and opening the luggage, including Marjorie'j trunks. As soon as they were gone, Marjorie whirled on her, "I said I was going. W hat's the point of opening everything up ?" "You want to clean up and have a swim, don't you? There's no sense going back into that furnace today." "I want to leave right now." Mrs. Morgenstern pulled her dress over her head. "Will, I'm not stopping you. I'm going to have a swim before lunch, myself." She took her bathing-suit into the bathroom, dropping Marjorie's new one on the bed. "Personally, I think you're being very foolish. What's so wrong about ha\ing a boy you know at the hotel? It'll be more fun?" "Good heavens, Mom, how thick is your skin? Didn't you see how his mother looked at us ?" "Mary Goldstone's a lo\ely person. She looks at everybody that way. She's a little near-sighted." "She thinks you're sharpening your teeth for Sandy. And that's just what you're doing and I won't be a party to such "Listen, Marjorie, you can't fool me_ You like the boy." "And what if that's so? This is the very worst thing to do about it ? going chasing alter him to a hotel ?" "You weren't doing too well by not chasing him, dear." "Morn . . . Mom, that is nobody's business but my own. When will you ever understand that?" Mrs. Morgenstern came out of the bathroom in flapping slippers and bathing- suit a towel around her neck. "Sometimes one little push makes all the difference?coming for a swim?" "No, I am not." Mrs. Morgenstern opened the door. "See you at lunch, then ? unless you take the train home, of course. If you do, give my love to papa." Marjorie paced the room fuming. The sun beat straight into the room white and hot. She was wet through with perspiration. Below the window was the pool, crowde.: with hilarious young people There were some especially good-looking boys, she observed, their hair black and dis orderly from the water. She stopped in her pacim and fingered her new swim suit. It was the latest style: flesh-colored rubber perfectly decent, yet at twenty feet gi\ing one the look of total nakedness. The room was really unbearably hot . . . There was dancing after dinner on the terrace overlooking the sea. She danced for hours with Sandy. They went for a stroll on the beach in the moonlight afterwards: and when they had rounded a bend that hid them from the hotel they sat and talked idly in the gloom looking at the stars and streaming sand through their fingers while the surf at their feet tumbled and roared. After a while Marjorie hesitantly ran her finger across the back of Sandy's hand. The effect was explosive. When they walked back to the hotel half an hour later their relationship was advanced about to the high point that Marjorie had reached with George Drobes. She and Sandy To page 65 Iconnnuing ? Marjorie Morningstar from pagt 67 were both dizzy, confused, uncertain, exhilarated, and extremely pleased with theru I Sandy's tan convertible was quite a change from Penelope: red leather seats, gleaming chrome knobs, and a motor that at lixty miles an hour made less noise than the murmuring tyres or the radio pouring clear jazz. The car was his own, not his father's. He drove it as though he owned it, too; negligently, with one arm resting on the window ledge. George always sat up straight, driving like a motorman. "How do you feel this morning?' Sandy said. Marjorie, tying a pink kerchief over her tossing hair, said, "Just wonderful. How about you ?" She wore a pink cotton frock and tiny gold sandals, with a bathing-suit underneath. They were going to swim in a deserted cove some ten miles down the highway from the Prado. "I'm puzzled," Sandy said. "I can't make you out." She stared at the longjawed profile partly masked by sunglasses. His mouth was straight and serious. "You can't make me out? Seems to me I've made myself a little too plain for comfort." "Yes? What was all that last night?" "I'm sure I don't know. The moonlight, maybe. Or maybe it's just that I like you a bit more than I should," she said rather sharply. Grinning, he dropped a strong hand on her knee and gave it a brief squeeze. "That would be nice to believe." She wanted to object to the squeeze, but the hand was gone. She curled in the far corner of the front seat out of easy reach of him. If he was puzzled, so was she. extremely puzzled. She had been puzzling, since she woke, over what had happened the night before. Fixed ideas of hers had been shattered. She had thought an instinct of feminine honor prevented a girl from necking with one man when she loved another. George Drobes, even if he no longer filled the world from pole to pole, was still her accepted iover. Evidently no such in stinct existed. She had also believed that a surrender to necking marked a dramatic turn in one's emo tions. But this morning her attitude towards Sandy remained the same: undefined, but friendly and curious rather than passionate. He seemed more familiar, that was all. It was her own self that was less familiar. Marjorie had surprised herself and she was waiting with oddly pleasant nervousness to see. what strange thing she would do next. They turned off the highway and went bumping down a lonely dirt road through thick pines. Marjorie's nervousness increased. She was an addict of le nding-library novels. Girls were always getting seduced in these books when they went off to a lonely place with a young man to swim: it was" almost standard procedure. Sandy Goldstone, big, brown, and powerful, driving in silence with a shadow of a smile around his mouth, looked not unlike the seducers of fiction. Marjorie enjoyed reading about these occurrences, of course, and often dwelled on the vague paragraphs describing the ecstatic feelings of the girls, wondering what sex was really like. But the real thing close at hand wore an aspect of gritty discomfort. She rather wished they had stayed at the Prado to swim. At the bcarh she slipped behind the car to step out of her frock. The act of taking it off, she thought, might inflame Sandy. She delayed and dawdled behind the car, combing her hair and fixing her make-up. When she came out she saw him lying face down on the sand near the broken remains of an old row-boat, stripped to his bathing trunks, with his head under a ragged yellow newspaper. The sun was blazing, but there was a cool breeze. The cove was about a mile across, fringed by whitegold sand and tangled brush. Marjorie stood by the car for a while, savoring the peaceful silence, the splash of the surf, the smell of pine on the breeze; she was watching him cautiously. He made no move. She went to Sandy and sat beside him, but he did not look up. The sun was almost hot enough to burn her bare skin. Sandy was perspiring in little rivulets. "Sandy?'" She noticed that his breathing was remarkably easy and regular. "Sandy? Sandy Goldstone, have you fallen asleep on me?'' Thoroughly vexed, she kicked him in the ribs; there was such a thing as being too safe. He jerked, grunted, rolled over, and sat up with a guilty grin, rubbing his eyes. "Doggone. Near fell asleep, didn't I ? Sun always does that to me." He jumped to his feet. "Let's go." Marjorie knew only public beach bathing, with its crowds, trash cans, frankfurters, lifeguards, and squalling children. It was all different to walk to the flat clean edge of the land and plunge into the empty sea. They splashed and dived and swam. When she was exhausted she sat on the sand and watched Sandy cavort and snort joyously in the water for another quarter of an hour. "Do you really want to be a doctor?'' she said when he reclined dripping beside her. "Sure." "What medical schools have you applied to?" "Well, I don't know if I will apply, Marge. With my grades it's just about hopeless. I have a high C average." "But?" she stared at him. "Then you're not going to be a doctor." "Looks that way." "Then what will you do?" "Doggone, you sounded just like my father then." "No, really, Sandy?" "Know what I'd like to be, more than anything? A forest ranger. No, don't laugh, I mean it. Ever been to Arizona ? It's heaven on earth in those national parks. Sky. stones, cactus, desert, the sun, and the stars?nothing else. Know what a forest ranger makes? About thirty-five a week. That's all I want, for the rest of my life, if I could be a ranger in Arizona." "That's?well, it's an original ambition, anyway." "I put in an application last summer. I didn't even want to finish college. My father stopped that. Said I was going to finish college even if I spent the rest of my life digging ditches." "What's your father like, Sandy ?" "Oh, quite a guy. Quite a dynamo." Sandy sat up, brushing sand from his thick legs. "Slightly disappointed that I'm not the same type. Only son. too. I feel kind of sorry for him sometimes." "Don't you like the idea of ?you know, running Lamm's some day?" "Sure, I like it?or I would like it, the way you say it. Think it's that simple? I've been in charge of the men's hats section this summer. That's all, just men's hats. He's let me make all the mistakes. He's checked everything in that section every night down to the cash-register receipts. Then at dinner he's been climbing all over me. Last week I came to his office and said maybe I'd better quit for a little vacation before going back to school. 'Quit?' he says. 'Didn't you open your mail this morning? You're fired. You're a failure, a complete failure . . .' Sure enough, I got my mail and he'd written me a three-page memo, in his own handwriting, telling me the store couldn't afford to keep me around any more this summer at the rate I was mak ing mistakes. Then he carefully listed every mistake I'd made since I'd been there. And he ended up with this?I remember every word?'If you don't improve I promise you I'll give this store to a charity foundation rather than leave it in the hands of such a fool.' " Sandy scooped up a fistful of sand and scattered it in the wind. "Oh, he's a wonderful guy. He's right, you know. You've got to be tough to run a big store. You've got to be right on the ball every second." He took her wrists and pulled her to her feet. "Come along, another dip? Let's go up to the point. It's deep enough to dive off that rock." They were sitting on the rock, panting after a lively swim, when a squat brown fishing boat went wallowing by. leaving a smudgy trail of smoke across the water. "There's something I'd like to do," said Sandy. "Run one of those tuna boats out of San Diego down around lower California. They make fortunes. I can navigate?what's the mat ter?" She was shaking her head and laughing at him. "You're like a nine-year-old kid." *'Oh ?" he said, and with an easy sweep of a long bony arm he was holding her and kissing her. But it was an outdoors, hearty kind of kiss with no menace, so Marjorie yielded to it. While she was kissing Sandy she tried hard to remember howit felt to kiss George, so as to determine which one she really loved. Marjorie believed that the kisses of true love had a unique vibration which one could never mistake. But the fact was that she apparently enjoyed kissing one just about as much as the other. Sandy soon took her by the shoulders and held her a little away from him. "What the devil are you thinking about ?" "Who?me?" she said blink ing. "Why, why dear, I'm not thinking at all, I guess." "You give me the strangest feeling." He looked at her with his head cocked sidewise. "As though you are adding figures in your head, or something." "You're crazy. How dare you say such a thing?" She pulled away from him and perched at a distance on the rock. "I shouldn't be kissing you at all. Anyhow, if you expect the kind of kissing you get from Vera To page 66 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 65 Cashman, I'm sorry. I lack her practice." Sandy scratched his head. "Let's go back to the hotel. I'm dying for a beer." "Just a moment. How about Vera Cashman, now that the subject has come up?" "Has it come up?" Sandy said. "How did that ever happen ?" "I just don't understand your pawing me and all the way you do, when you've got a girl." "Vera's moved to California." After a moment Marjorie said lightly, "Oh? When did this happen?" "Couple of weeks ago. Her father went broke, and? Margie, don't look so sceptical, it's the truth. He's a Long Island builder. A big development of his went smash. He got out of the State about one jump ahead of the sheriff, my father says." "Well, well. You must be heartbroken." "It's all but turned me grey." "Looking for a replacement, no doubt." "Margie, honey, I just thought you'd like to come for a swim, and-" "Well, I won't do. I don't go in for the things Vera goes in for?and wipe that silly grin off your face. Despite last night, it's true. I don't." "I never said you did, Margie." Before they left the beach, all the same, she went in for a little more of it. It was a shock to see George after the week at the Prado. Age seemed to have overtaken him aU at once, to make him thinner, paler, shorter, sadder, and more slope-shouldered. He took her to an engagement party of one of his college friends. From the start, everything about the evening depressed Marjorie: the all too familiar Bronx apartment house, one of an unbroken line of grey houses along a dirty, narrow street; the clark stairway to the fourth floor, with its memory- wakening smells of immigrant cooking and baby-breeding, of stale paint and fresh, wet laundry; the cramped apartment blazing with electric bulbs, the cheap furniture, the paintings that were copies of copies; the loud voices, the barbarous pronunciation (awfice, yeah, daaance, lor stoodent, idear, tawk); the singsong cadence which jarred on her the more because she was still trying to fiee her own speech of it; the unvarying cream soda, sponge cake, and sugary purple wine: the inexorable vanilla ice-cream rushed in paper boxes from the drug store by a small brother to climax, the party; the proud, fat parents; the proud, fat bride in a red evening dress from Klein's, with a bunch of tea roses in a huge silver ribbon on her shoulder; worst of all, the sly giggling jokes that everybody made about George and herself. She pleaded a headache and left, too soon; the silence was very awkward as she and George walked out of the door. Then she felt so sorry for him and so guilty that she kissed him madly when they parked on the drive. (Penelope was repaired at last, after a fashion, and could be driven in a clanking, dying way.) She found herself responding to George's kisses just as she always had, which further confused and upset her. Alone in her bedroom that night, wretched with self-disgust, she resolved not to neck again with either Sandy or George until she knew what her true feelings were. She found she could keep the resolve with Sandy but not with George. Sandy reacted goodhumoredly to her first repulse. "Well, well. Just a faded summer love, eh?" She said, "Don't be absurd. There's no sense in going on and on with a thing that leads nowhere. Anyway, we don't mean that much to each other." "Marjorie, you know I can't live an hour without you." "Go hang yourself, you grinning ape." That was that. But George had enjoyed special privileges for a year and a half, and had come to regard them as his right. She couldn't withdraw to a cooler status without a show down and possibly a break, for which she was far from ready. So she dragged on with him as before, though made increasingly miserable by it. When Marjorie returned to Hunter for the fall term she found that according to general gossip she was all but engaged to the heir apparent of Lamm's department store. Standing in line in the hot jammed basement of the school to draw her textbooks, she was slyly congratulated half a dozen times, and she saw girls pointing at her and whispering. Her denials met with winks, prods, and giggles. She had no idea how the rumor had started, and she didn't much care. The teasing was a welcome diversion from the dreariness of sinking back into the Hunter routine. Marjorie had never liked the school. Her dearest wish had been to go out of town to college, but her parents had been unwilling to let her leave home so young, and moreover had not been quite able to afford the expense when Marjorie was finishing high school. So, reluctantly, the girl had enrolled in this subway college, which to her was a nerve-racking place full of the twitters and colors and smells and giggles and screeches of too many unlovely shoving girls. In time she became dulled to it and stopped resenting her fate; but she always moved alone through the perfumed swarm, though she had the usual lunch-room companions and bridge-playing acquaintances. With the move of the family to Central Park West she felt more than ever that her presence in this soprano-buzzing hive was an unlucky mistake. But it was too late to make a change. A bit too pretty,, too well-dressed, and too cool, she was not popular at Hunter, and she had taken little part until now in any of the activities. But if she heard the school sneered at she would angrily defend it by saying that a girl couldn't get half as good an education anywhere else. This was more or less true: the competition for marks was keen and the girls on the whole brighter than average. She would have traded all the fine education she was getting, however, for a small part of the polishing and fun that she had once hoped to find in an outof-town college. It was obvious as the new To page 68 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 66 term got under way that her status at Hunter was changing. Popular girls who had shown no interest in her before were smiling at her, even stopping to chat with her in the corridors. At lunch-time she tended to become the centre of the conversation circle. A couple of scouts from the formidable Helen Johannsen clique became friendly with her. One day she found herself at lunch with a group that included Helen hers-elf, the sharply clever, beautiful blond senior who was editor of the school paper, leader of the Sing, and exalted general boss of Hunter politics. After lunch Helen took her arm and walked out with her in the sunshine, drawing her on to talk about herself. Marjorie, dazzled and flattered, talked freely. When she shyly disclosed that she wanted to be an actress, Helen advised her to try out at once for the dramatic society's production of "The Mikado"; there wasn't a doubt in the world, Helen said, that she would get a leading part. Then she startled Marjorie by remarking, "I hear you know my old friend Sandy Goldstone." "Do you know Sandy?" With a little curving smile Helen said, "I've modelled a bit at Lamm's, off and on . . . Dear, I'm no competition for you, don't look so alarmed. I'm a little old for Sandy. Anyway, you don't suppose he'd ever be serious about a Christian girl, do you?" She glanced at Marjorie, a good-humored approving inspection. "I believe you'll do all right." Marjorie, blushing and feeling all legs and arms, said, "I barely know him." "Sure, dear," Helen said, and they both laughed. Marjorie saw nearby girls, after-lunch strollers like themselves, stare admiringly at the sophomore laughing arm-in-arm with Helen Johannsen. Marjorie accepted the jealous stirrings she felt as a sign that she might be in love with Sandy after all. She tried out for "The Mikado," and to her astonishment landed the title part without any trouble. From the day rehearsals began the rest of the world became vague to her. She sat in class with the other badly made-up girls in skirts and sweaters, scribbling in her notebook as always; but it was a kind of reflex between her ears and her hand, by-passing her brain. At the end of many an hour she could not have said whether the lecturer had been droning about fruit, flies, or Anatole France. Sometimes her pen would slow and stop; her eyes would drift to the grey window, to the autumn gale blowing slant streaks of rain in the glass, to the reflected yellow lights that seemed to hang magically in the air over the purplish street; the tune of "My Object All Sublime" would start running in her mind, and she would fall in a trance of imaginary playacting, adding new comic business to her role. One evening rehearsals stopped early for costume fitting. The players came up one by one, giggling and squealing, to be measured under a bright light in the centre of the stage, supervised by a fat girl with thick, braided black hair. Marjorie had been wondering for days who this girl was. She had seen her sitting by herself in a back row of the auditorium, coming and going as she pleased at these closed rehearsals, sometimes strolling forward to whisper to the director, Miss Kimble, who always listened carefully. Miss Kimble in her youth had sung in the chorus of a real Schubert road company of "Blossom Time"; so alth< she was now just a skittish maid in baggy tweeds, teaching music at Hunter, Marjorie v » inclined to respect anyone respected. When Miss Kimble called, "All right, the Mikado n , please," Marjorie came up steps of the stage to the stout girl with mixed curiosity and shyness. "Ah, the star herself." The girl's voice was husky and grown-up. She wore a flaring maroon skirt, a blouse of co;: brown linen with garish embroidery, and a wide, tool dleather belt spiked with copper ornaments. She said to her assistant, a spindly girl with a tape- measure, "Chest and hips, that's all. We'll have to hire her costume from Brooks. Miss Kimble said, or rather whined, "Marsha, we're over the budget already-" "You can fake a lot with cheesecloth and crepe pa Dora," said the stout girl, "and I'm doing what I can, but u can't fake a Mikado." "Well, if you're sure you can't-" "Thanks," Marjorie muttered in the girl's ear. Marsha turned her back on Miss Kimble, and said in a tone too low even for the spindly girl to hear, "Don't mention it. You are the star, you kn w, dear." Thereafter she ignced Marjorie. Next evening she was at the rehearsal again. When it over she came to Marjorie and made a couple of comments n her performance which were penetrating and useful, more so than any of Miss Kin, directions. "Let's go out and have a cup of coffee and talk." she said. As they walked .arm-in-< .1 along Lexington Avenue, bending their heads before the cutting, dank wind which sw.i ! signs and flapped scraps ! newspaper by, Marsha suddr said, "Say, I'm starved. Let's have dinner together. I know a wonderful place-" "I'm expected home for d: ner, I'm sorry-" "Oh. Of course. Well, th< come and have coffee and wat, me eat until you have to home. Yes ?" They went to an old brown - stone house on a side stn and up a flight of stairs to doorway framed by a hue grinning gilt dragon-mou "Mi Feng's Jade Garden," sign over the dragon's ears re They passed through the faru jaws into a crimson-lit n smelling of incense and strai cookery. Marjorie was very glad s. had not committed herself ) eat She half believed tl i cats, dogs, and mice wt e cooked in Chinese restauran The pervading odor seem' 1 more or less to confirm the idea. Here and there in the gloom t few diners with odd faces were eating odd-looking things out of oddly shaped dishes. Near the door one fat worn; 1 with a moustache was using chopsticks to lift a morsel f meat out of a tureen from which there protruded a big, horribly white bone. Marsha sniffed the air. "These places destroy my figure, but I'm mad about them ? Hi, Mi Fong. How's your wife? Better?" "Rittle better, thank you, Missa Masha." A short Chinaman in a white To page 69 Printed by Conpress Printing Limited for the Publisher. Consolidated Press Limited. 1M-1T4 Castlereagh Street, Sydney. Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 68 coat bowed them to a latticed booth lit by red paper lanterns, "Same boot? Quiet, peaceful? Rittle drink first, maybe ?" "I guess so. Marjorie, how about trying a Singapore Sling? Mi Fong makes the best slings in town." Marjorie faltered, "I don't know if I want a drink. Coffee "It's a bitter night, you've got to warm your bones. Two, Mi Fong ? He's a marvellous person," Marsha said as they hung up their coats. "His wife paints beautifullv. They live in back. I have a screen she did. Gorgeous, and she practically gave it to me. The food is sublime, I tell you. and it costs next to nothing. If you have forty cents on you. you can have a feast. If you haven't I'll lend it to you ?" "Oh, no, no, thanks, anyway." With the drinks the Chinaman brought a plate full of fat. brown curved things. Marjorie asked what they were and Marsha exclaimed, "Darling, don't tell me you've never eaten fried shrimps. I'll die." "I've never eaten any kind of shrimps." "Bless my soul, haven't you ?" Marsha looked at her with a tinge of amusement. "Well?Here's to your glorious debut as the Mikado." Marjorie raised the tall glass, which looked black in the red light. The Singapore Sling tasted cool, slightly sweet, not at all strong. She smiled and nodded. "Nectar," said Marsha. "Don't have more than one. though. Once an evil old man who was trying to make me got me to drink three. Wow." "Did he make you ?" said Marjorie, trying to be as devilish as her companion. "What do you think ?" said Marsha with an arch air of being offended. She heaved a sigh. "Ah, well. He wasn't really so old, but he sure was evil. Of course that was his chief charm. I'm still mad about him to tell you the truth." She picked up a plump shrimp and bit it in halves with long, white teeth. Her face lit up, the dark eyes gleaming. "Ah, they say it's a vale of tears, Marjorie, and yet there are such things as fried shrimps. Do have one." "No, thanks." "Well, you're missing a bit of heaven on earth. But to business. Do you know how much talent you have ?" "Who, me? I'm not sure I have any." Marjorie took a long pull at the Singapore Sling. It went flickering down into her stomach and out along her nerves, it seemed, like little cool flames. Marsha ate another shrimp, blinking luxuriously. "Well, modesty is becoming. But you're an actress, dear. And I mean an actress. For you to do anything else with your life will be a crime." "Ko-ko is ten times as good as I am ?" "My dear, Ko-ko is a piece of wood. They're all sticks, sticks, I tell you, absolute dummies, except you. Of course they should have given Ko-ko to you, but Helen had you down for the Mikado. Poor Helen meant well. She likes you in her fashion. I'm afraid she doesn't know her Gilbert and Sullivan. She thought the Mikado part must be the lead." "Marsha. Miss Kimble did the casting ?" "Dora Kimble, dear, is only the director. Helen Johannsen is business manager of the show and, what's more, she'll write the review in the paper. If Miss Kimble wants a show next year she's not going to do anything to offend Helen. The dramatic society is Miss Kimble's one reason for living. She's substituted it for having a man. So she jigs to Helen's tune." It astounded Marjorie to hear that political influence could touch so sacred a process as the casting of a play. "Is that really how I got the part ? I can hardly believe it-" "Dear, listen, in this school Helen Johannsen can do anything." She began to talk about Hunter politics, amazing Marjorie with revelations of the interlocking agreements between the Christian and Jewish sororities, the rigid apportioning of the plums of honor and money. "Why, it's crooked, it's like Tammany," Marjorie ex claimed. "Marjorie, really! That's just the way things are, everywhere in the world. School's no different. The girls who do the work are entitled to a little gravy." "How do you know all this ? You make me feel like a blind fool." "You're just not interested, dear, and I am. I'm ambitious. I tried to buck the system in freshman year. Ran for class president, tried to organise the great unwashed, the non-soroity girls. We outnumber them four to one at Hunter. Only one trouble. It turns out that the unwashed worship the washed. I got one vote to Helen Johannsen's six. Ah. well." She popped a shrimp into her mouth and drank. "There's something so wideeyed about you. How old are you ?" "I'll be eighteen next month." "Lawks a'mercy me, a child, and an upper sophomore! To page 70 I conning Mariorie Morningstar from page 69 You're a mental prodigy, too. It's too much." "Prodigy! I barely scrape through every term. It wa» easy to skip in the Bronx where I grew up, that's all, and I gained a year-" "You're from the Bronx?" "Lived there all my life until a year and a half ago. Why?" Marsha squinted at her, the red light making black lines around her eyes. "Well, dear, you can act. I'd have taken you for a born-and-bred Central Park West babe." "How old are you, Marsha?" "Dear, I'm a hag. An ancient, battered, used-up twentyone." Marjorie laughed. The drink was taking hold. She was finding Marsha more and more charming, and the Chinese surroundings no longer scared her. "Marsha, will vou tell me one thing, and be absolutely honest ? It's terribly important to me. What makes you think I have any acting ability ? Just from seeing me rehearse a few times Marsha grinned. "Come on, have dinner with me. Call up your folks and tell them you're busy with the show. It's true enough, I have a million things to tell you about your perform ance." "Well?look, can you?can you order something for me without pork? I don't eat it." Marsha smiled. "I can order a whole banquet without pork. Simplicity itself." Mrs. Morgenstern made no difficulty over the phone, merely asking when Marjorie would be home, and warning her not to work too hard. When she returned to the table Mi Fong was there, ducking his head and smiling. Marsha was saying, "And jasmine tea, of course, and rice cookies, and-? oh, yes. remember now, no pork. Absolutely no pork." The Chinaman giggled, glancing at Marjorie. "No polk. Sure thing. Polk too spensive, sure. No polk, miss. Hokay." He went off laughing. "Mama say it's all right," Marjorie said, adding with a rueful look after the Chinaman, "she doesn't know I'm in a chop-suey joint." "You're kosher, aren't you?" said Marsha kindly. "Well, hardly. My folks are. But pork or shellfish?it's just the idea, it makes no sense-" "Dear, don't apologise. The power of conditioning is fabulous. Fortunately, I've never had the problem." "Aren't you Jewish?" "Well, now, strangely enough, I don't rightly know. My father's a crusading atheist. My mother doesn't know what she is. she grew up in France as an orphan. I guess Hitler would call me a Jew. all right. But Zelenko, if you don't know it, is the name of one of the noblest old Russian families. How our family comes by it my father doesn't know, or won't say. For all I know I'm an illegitimate Russian princess. Isn't that a sobering thought ?" "Marsha, did Gertrude Lawrence really come to dinner at your house ?" Marjorie said. The stout girl had casually thrown out this startling fact during their conversation at re hearsal. "Dear, Gertrude Lawrence has loved my mother for years. But then, everybody does. I don't think there's anybody in the theatre she doesn't know. Not that I pretend they're my buddies or anything, it's just through mama." Marsha proceeded to tumble out anecdotes about well-known people, all magic names to Marjorie. She knew the funny things Noel Coward did at parties, and where Margaret Sullavan bought her clothes, and which famous actors were conducting affairs, and with whom, and what plays were going to be hits next season, and which producers Marjorie could expect to be assaulted by. She was rattling on in this vein, with Marjorie listening hypnotised, when Mi Fong brought the first course. As nearly as Marjorie could make out in the crimson gloom, it was a white soup?dirty white. She had an ingrained dislike of white soup. There were things floating in it, some gelatinous, some shredded, some flesh-looking. She glanced at Mi Fong, who grinned, "No polk, missa." "Fall to, it's ambrosia," said Marsha, plunging her little china spoon into it greedily. Marjorie took a few spoonfuls, straining the liquid. The taste was very spicy, not bad. But when she found herself chewing what seemed to be a couple of rubber bands, or possibly worms, she pushed away the dish. Then she was ashamed, and afraid she had offended Marsha; but the other girl spooned up her soup obliviously, talking on about the theatre. Marjorie reminded her of Margaret Sullavan, she said. "Not in technique, of course. You couldn't be more raw or awkward, you haven't an atom of experience and it's perfectly obvious you haven't. I'm talking about star quality, about inner magnetism. You walk on stage, Margie, even in a stale old part like the Mikado, and somehow you're alive, and inside the part, and yet you're projecting a peculiar note, your own. That's it, kid. believe me. Everything else is peripheral, it can be learned, it can be taught, it can be bought. That, you've either got or you haven't. You've got it." "I hope you're right?" Marjorie broke off because a steam, ing heap of food appeared under her nose: a great bed of white rice, and piled on it a number of greasy objects, some vegetable, some animal. "No polk, missa," said the Chinaman. "Assolutely." Mar. jorie, however, had smelled pork in restaurants and cafeterias very often. This was pork: if there was such an animal as a pig in the world, this was the remains of a pig. Marsha said, "You'll love it. It's his masterpiece. Moo Yak with almonds." Marjorie nodded and smiled, casting about wildly in her mind for an excuse not to eat it. "They make it with pork in most places," Marsha went on. Mi Fong makes it with lamb, though." She began shovelling it into her mouth. "Oh you betcha ram." said Mi Fong, his teeth gleaming redly at Marjorie. "Sure inough ram." "Isn't that meat sort of white for lamb?" said Marjorie, screwing up her eyes and her nose at the dish. "Assright, missa. White. Chinese ram. Chinese ram alia time white." He poured the tea, which smelled like boiled perfume, in fragile cups, and went away chuckling. Not wanting to insult Marsha by seeming to rail her a liar, Marjorie made a hearty show of enjoying the dish, whatever it was; she scooped the rice from under the meat and ate that. Partly to distract Marsha from what she was doing, and partly out of the general stimulation of the Singapore Sling and Marsha's flattery, Marjorie disclosed to her?for the first time to anybody?the stage name she had invented for her self. Marsha stopped eating, staring at her for several seconds. "Mar-jorie Mor-ningstar. eh?" She .lingered over the syllables. "That's you, all right. A silver gleam in the pink sky of dawn. It's an inspiration. It's perfect." "I don't know ? doesn't it To page 71 Continuing . . . . Marjorie Morningstar from page 70 sound awkward, sort of forced ?" "Maybe to you it does. You're used to your own name. I tell you it's perfect." Marsha crammed the last scraps on her plate into her mouth and drank tea. "Some day when that name's up in lights over the Music Box, I'll come backstage and remind you of the time we ate in Mi Fong's, and you told it to me, and I insisted that it was exactly right. And you'll turn to your maid and say, 'Give this person a quarter and show her out'." They both giggled, and began again on that endless topic, the theatre. Marsha said she was going to be a producer some day after she had made a lot of money in another field. She knew she lacked the talent to be a great designer of costumes or sets. "And I'm not interested in being anything but great, dear." She rejected tolerantly Marjorie's insistence that she was probably a genius. "Wait till you see some of my work. Dull plodding competence, that's all." "But where are you going to make a pile of money, then, Marsha ?" "That's my secret." "I've told you mine." "So you have." Marsha looked at her cannily. "Well, it'll do no harm to tell you, at that. I'm going to be a buyer ?a big-time buyer of womeh's clothes for department stores. There's fortunes in it, fortunes! Mother's a good friend of Edna Farbstein, the head buyer at Macy's. Do you know what Edna's worth? Well, dear, the miserable pauper just has one house in Larchmont, another in Palm Beach, a boat, and two Cadillacs, that's all, and both her sons go to Princeton. AU I need is a start ? one connection. I'll find one somehow ?and I'm off to the races. One thing I can do is pick clothes." Marjorie could not stop a sceptical smile from flickering across her face. Marsha said sharply, "Look, baby, don't say it. This stuff I wear, well, I'm no millionaire yet, and, anyway, what can you do for a big, fat, black-haired slob? Exotic is the word. If you look this way you've got to lean on it. and pretend that's exactly what you love to look like." "I think you dress very attractively." Marjorie said. But she remained a shade sceptical, and they drank their tea in silence for a while. Given Marsha's face and figure she thought, she would diet away a lot of weight, cut and thin her hair, underplay the make-up, and dress very severely. That way Marsha might achieve a certain theatrical attractiveness, instead of seeming overblown and frowsy. She was afraid to say so, however. When they came out into the street Marjorie was surprised at the sweet, clean smell of the misty air. A Manhattan street seldom smelled this good to her. but after Mi Fong's it was almost like a meadow. "Which way do you go, Marsha?" "Ninety-second Street and Central Park West." Marsha pulled her patchy squirrel coat close about her, looking for a cab. "What! Why, I live in the El Dorado!" "Gad, next-door neighbors, how lovely. One cab for both "Cab? The cross-town bus is a block from here." "This is an occasion." A cab stopped, they got in, and the fat girl snuggled happily into a corner of the seat. "What's the matter with me? Why do I love cabs so? I'm always in hock just from taking cabs. Anyway, tonight I just had to. After all, my first dinner with Marjorie Morningstar?" She offered Marjorie a cardboard box of cigarettes, and lit one with a practised cupping of her hands. The smoke was peculiarly aromatic. "Marsha, you have no idea how queer that name sounds to me when you say it. I haven't told it to a soul before." "Not even to Sandy Gold stone ?" Marjorie peered at her through the wreathing smoke. "Sandy Goldstone ? What about him ?" "Dear, the price of eminence is that you become a goldfish, better get used to it. Everybody at school knows about you and Lamm's junior." "Isn't it ridiculous? Marsha, I've just had a few dates with him now and then." "Well, I hope that's how it is. Don't tie down Marjorie Morningstar at eighteen, kiddo. Not for all the girdles in Lamm's, don't you do it." "Believe me, nobody's asked me to." Marsha studied her face. "Well, all right, but don't think it may not happen some day. Lamm's junior is not above you. The question is whether you're not above him." Marjorie blushed. "The way you go on?" "Sugar bun, tell me, are mine really the first mortal ears to hear your stage name? I can't believe it." "It's the truth. Please don't tell it to anyone either, will you. I mean?it's no State secret, I don't want to seem absurd, but?" "Darling, I'm a tomb, a silent tomb. Well, history has really been made tonight, hasn't it? Do have a cigarette, they're just Turkish, it's like smoking warm air?" Marjorie took the cigarette and puffed at it awkwardly. It burned her tongue, and she didn't enjoy it, but she smoked it down. The cab stopped at a brownstone house midway between Central Park West and Columbus Avenue. Marjorie had walked past it dozens of times, never imagining that anybody who lived in such a house could have any connection with her life. The block was lined with them. Most of them were cheap boarding-houses. "Come on up," Marsha said, "meet my folks. My mother would love to meet you. I know?" Marjorie glanced at her wrist-watch. "Another time. It's after nine, my mom will be wondering what's happened to me." The girls clasped hands. Marsha said, "We're having lunch at the drug store tomorrow. I just decided that. Or are we? Is your free hour twelve to one?" "It is. I'd love to." Marjorie walked home in something of a daze, not unlike the feeling after first meeting a handsome boy. It took her a long time to fall asleep that night. She tossed and turned, repeating in her mind the things Marsha had said. As she sank into sleep she seemed still to be hearing that energetic, swooping voice talking about the theatre. To be continued 