[?] [?] By W. R. L. PALMER, Our Dairy Editor The dairying industry accounted for one third of the employees engaged in Australian primary production, the N.S.W. Minister for Agriculture, Mr. Graham, said at Hawkesbury Agricultural College, last Thursday. He was opening the new school of Dairy Technology at the College. Mr. Graham, who re cently led a stud stock buy ing delegation overseas, said the stock that had been bought for Australia by the delegation was the best and fittest obtainable. 'I am sure all breeders will be delighted with them when they see them,' he said. During the trip he had noticed' a lack or organisa tion In the presentation of Australian primary pro duce. There was also a lack of good advertising, without which no products could be popularised. Some people had asked him whether the blacks in Australia were still savage — a commentary of the lack of knowledge of Aus tralia overseas. 'Much more money will have to be spent in market organisation to sell Austra lian products,' he said. Mr. Graham said he visited Denmark and had been entertained by the Danish Minister for Agri culture. 'I have a great admira tion for Danish primary In dustry and I am sure the immigration of many Danes would be of. great service to Australia. Bad Impression 'However, we should be careful that films made In Australia do not give a false impression to mi grants.' Some Danes had deter mined to come to Australia but had been put off by scenes in Australian films depicting barren country. Mr. Graham said that dairying instruction at Hawkesbury College had a long and honorable history. Instruction in butter and cheese- making had been favorably by overseas auth orities,' Mr. Graham said. 'It has been described as second to none in the world and is a plant of sufficient size to give stud ent instruction on a com mercial basis.' A complete accounting and costing system had been installed to train stud ents. The College was an agent of the N.S.W. Milk Board and pasteurised and bottled about 500 gallons of milk daily, supplying the towns of Windsor, Richmond and Kurrajong. Mr. Graham said the factory catered fully for the research requirements of the dairying industry. It was very well equipped with laboratories staffed by specialists. ? Research work would con centrate on the industry's 'Contrlb utlons from bodies within the Industry and other interested organ isations total £50,000, so far,' he said. 'The aim Is to provide scholarships valued at £300 per annum for the 10 best apprentices in the fac tories each year. 'The School of Dairy Technology at this College will not only provide out standing service to the State but to Australia as a whnlp ' Dr. R. J, Noble said this was a great and proud occasion for the College, the State and Australia. Great Progress There had been great progress since earlier dairy ing days when men did their own carting, dishes were washed up in the dairy and cream quality was up to the factory. Three years ago a Federal Parliamentary Works Com mittee had considered a school of Dairy Technology. Help for the Hawkesbury School might be given by the C.S.I.R.O., and other bodies on a Federal level. Dr. Noble said Mr. Gra ham had been in office for nearly 12 years and was keen and enthusiastic about every aspect of agriculture production and administra tion. Hawkesbury was a centre of education and research and could assist dairying in this country and the world. Dairy Museum Mr. J. I. Scarr, president of the Australian Institute of Dairy Technology and a Hawkesbury ex - student, suggested that the old fac tory at Hawkesbury should now be used as a dairy museum. Not too many people re membered the old butter working tables, one or two of which could well be in cluded as exhibits. Mr. A. P. Williams, past president of the Institute of Dairy Factory Managers and president of the Haw kesbury Old Boys' Union, said he had many old boys oh his staff. He advocated giving Hawkesbury the power to confer degrees In agricul ture. 