WHAT PEOPLE ARE DOING GREETINGS FROM DANISH GYMNASTS Christmas greeting to Canberra friends comes from the Danish gymnasts who visited Canberra for two displays earlier this year. Manager of team, Mr. Erik Flensted-Jensen, says he is very grateful to those people who assisted the Danes while they were here. "Travelling is not the places and things you see, how beautiful and interest- ing they may be, but the people you meet on your way," he writes. "We have had the privilege of meeting the most lovely and inspir- ing people wherever we have been, and among them you certainly are," he said. Ad- vance manager of the team, Mr. Herman Andersen, also sends his thanks, for "your grand hospitality and per- sonal interest." Canberra people took the Danes home for dinner while they were here and some firm friendships were estab- lished. For those who wish to write, the address of the manager, Mr. Flensted- Jensen, is Kongeven 147B, Virium, Denmark, and that of Mr. Andersen is Idraet- shoejskolen, Soenderborg, Denmark. BRIGHT CHRISTMAS FOR PENSIONERS A bright and festive Christmas celebration was enjoyed by about 105 pen- sioners at the Canberra Original Old Age and Invalid Pensioners Association party on Tuesday. The recreation hall of the Department of Interior was gaily decorated with coloured streamers, made by Mrs. Moss, and a Christmas tree donated by the Parks nnd Gardens branch. Each pensioner re- ceived a piece of a Christ- mas cake made by Mrs. Joyce Papastatis. The mem- bers joined in community singing and there were some individual musical items. Each pensioner received a Christmas gift of £2 from funds which the association raised through functions during the year. HEAVY ENROLMENTS TO LEARN TO SWIM Parents who want their children enrolled in the learn-to-swim classes run by the Canberra police, will have to act quickly as the quota of 200 children is al- most filled. The classes, from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., will run from January 16 to 26, with about 14 policemen as in- structors. The police deci- ded that a limit of 200 would be set so that there could be adequate individual tuition of each child. Sgt. G. Grove said yesterday he was sorry that more children could not be fitted in, as the number of enrolments had been great. The classes, will be held at both Manuka and the new Olympic pools, Par- ents who have applied for enrolment of their children will receive a letter from the police, stating the time of the class they will attend. CANBERRA LATVIANS TO ATTEND FESTIVAL. About 60 Latvians from Canberra will attend the Festival of Latvian Culture to be held in Sydney from December 26 to 30. The Can- berra Latvian Dance Group will have a team of 16 dan- cers performing at the fes- tival, and a group of eight Latvian singers will attend from Canberra. The festival, which is being organised by the Sydney Latvian Society, will begin on December 26 with special church services and a lecture on Latvian literature, music and sci- ence, in the Y.W.C.A. in Liverpool Street. The next day there will be a choral concert by Latvian choirs and in the following days Latvian artists will dance, sing and give musical items. A highlight of the festival will be the performance of a play, Skroderdienas Silma- cos. by Rudolf Blaumanis, with actors of the Sydney Latvian Theatre, to be held in the Capitol Theatre, Bankstown. GIFT OF SPADE TO DIG-A-WORD Secretary of the North Canberra R.S.L. Memorial Club, Mr. J. M. Baxter, was given "a toy spade to dig- a-word, at an office party on Tuesday night. The party was held by the Migrant Assimilation Division of De- partment of immigration. Santa Claus was Mr. I. Netliv, a naturalised Eston- ian. He handed out gifts which were equally as apt as the "dig-a-word spade." Mr. A. Parvey decorated the Good Neighbour Hut at Riverside for the party. Among the guests at the party were Mr. N. W. Lamidey, head of the Mig- rant Assimilation Division, and Mrs. Lamidey. TURKISH BATHS POPULAR After an exhausting round of Christmas shopping, many Canberra people are having a turkish bath at No 10 Jardine Street, Kingston. No. 10, recently opened receivers a variety of customers rang- ing from people who have been celebrating Christmas too earnestly to tired office workers in need of a turkish bath and massage to give them energy. After being in the turkish bath for about half an hour, had a vigorous massage and a short nap, they feel rejuvenated, they say. Many families are tak- ing advantage of this new service for Canberra people. The proprietors report that there has been quite a heavy flow of customers over the Christmas period. FORESTERS "ALL AT SEA" The good ship "Forester," under the command of Cap- tain M. R. Jacobs, set sail on Thursday night for a Christmas cruise. Landlub- bers began to embark soon after eight bells, and the ship "foundered" about 2.30 a.m. Forestry school stu- dents celebrated the end of term with "Oceanic Capers," a fancy dress dance at For- estry House. It had been a ease of "all hands on deck'' to prepare the decorations, as examinations had conclu- ded only the previous day. Nautical atmosphere was given by a white rail and a lifeboat along the terrace. Graphic murals inside depic- ted green-faced passengers, savage sharks, a lighthouse and a couple drifting on a raft. S.P.C.A. CERTIFICATE COMPETITION The A.C.T. Society For the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is organising a competition among school children to design a certifi- cate to be issued to junior members of the society. The secretary, Mrs. J. H. Geddes, said that many of the two dozen entries received so for were of a kindness to ani- mals theme, with drawings of dogs, cats and other animals. Mrs. Gaddes said the society had quickly grown since formed in Aug- ust and it now had a mem- bership of more than 200. She said that she received calls from Canberra resi- dents every day, either ask- ing for help with an animal or seeking to "adopt" a pet. The society is expected to be affiliated with the R.S.P.C.A. shortly. CHRISTMAS WARNING ON BUSHFIRES "Enjoy yourself, but don't start bushfires" is the A.C.T. Bushfire Council Christmas message to pic- nickers and holidaying tour- ists. The bushfire danger over Christmas is expected to be moderate, but the grass is drying off with the hot weather and a serious fire could result from care- lessness with fire by pic- nickers. An official of the council said yesterday that most bushfires were man- made. Fires were caused from picnic fires made by hikers and campers, careless discarding of cigarettes and matches, children playing with matches, and sparks from motor vehicles. He suggested to picnick- ers that they use only the established fireplaces for fires in the open, light only small fires, be careful with matches and cigarettes, and do not park cars in long, dry grass. "Should a bush- fire start then you should ring the main control office at 659 or 658 and assist to put it out," he said. The official concluded. "En- joy yoursel, but consider the firefighters and let them enjoy Christmas without having to battle a fire caused by someone's carelessness." 