Do You Know This? TN Windsor Great Park there is a * famous equestrian statue of George III, 20ft high, which has been known as the "Copper Horse" since its erection in 1831. One day a distinguished visitor at Windsor Castle took a morning walk. On his return, Queen Victoria asked if he was tired. He replied, "Oh, no, madam, I got a lift back as far as the Copper Horse." The Queen replied somewhat acidly, "That is not a copper horse. It is my grand father!" ★ ★ ★ One of the world's most famous echoes is near an ancient tomb on the Roman Campagna. By raising the voice slightly, a person can say a whole sentence. and every word echoes back distinctly. The re flector apparently comes from half a mile away, as sound travels a mile in about five seconds. ★ ★ ★ The characteristic odor of new mown hay comes from the aromatic substance known as coumarin, found In certain grasses. ★ * ★ Several gold mines in the Rand are more than 8600 feet deep, which, until recently, was believed to be the greatest possible depth at which to work. Below that, mining engi neers believed that the temperature would be unbearably high. But ex perts now say it is possible to mine down more than 10,000 feet by using scientific methods. Heat can be con quered by vast refrigeration plants similar to that operating on Robin son Deep Mine, where the great est plant in the world daily sends underground the equivalent of 4900 tons of ice. Franz Liszt once composed a piano piece to be played with both hands and the nose! The potato is neither a root nor a fruit; it is an underground stem. ★ ★ ★ Although Abraham Lincoln was assassinated as long ago as 1865, every year between 50 and 75 let ters addressed to him still arrive in Washington! Most of the letter writers—which include immigrants or uneducated natives—are genuine ly unaware that Lincoln is no longer living. Others are would-be prac tical jokers. Requests for money, food, jobs and advice are most fre quent, but some people just send off friendly notes! rTlHE Arabs were the first to make butter, but it was not used as a food but as an ointment. There are many references to butter in the Old Testament, and by the time of King David it had become a food of every day use. America made the first butter factories in 1850, and the idea quickly took in England, when the Milk Marketing Board was formed. Butter is subject to all kinds of laboratory tests to examine its purity. For the "spreadability" test butter is put into an instrument like a toothpaste tube and is squeezed. The pressure required to force it through a small opening is measured, and the results show whether the butter will spread easily. Nowadays, Britain takes four-fifths of the surplus butter in the world. ★ ★ ★ Tithes were an ecclesiastical tax adopted from the Jewish practice by the Christian Church. The usual levy was one-tenth of the annual produce of land and cattle. In Eng land tithes were made compulsory about the 9th century. They con tinued in England after the Reforma tion, but were largely commuted into a rent charge by an act of 1836. To day the old forru of tithes exists only to a small degree. ★ * ★ Some medical authorities say that man is normally built to last 100 years. The fact that few attain such an age is due mainly to ignorance and improper living. ★ ★ ★ Scientists say that, in the making of coal, water was the first keeper because under water the bacteria and fungi do not comparably attack dead v.ood. As instances, the wooden piles under the city of Venice have been found to be intact after a thousand years; cypress wood still in good con dition has been dug out of the swamps of Maryland where cypress no longer grows. It is still uninjured after an estimated 10,000 years. The second process in the formation of coal was fire. Lightning or spontane ous combustion seem to have start ed great conflagrations among the ancient forests, and by charring the outside tissue, the fire saved the sur face from decay. Lastly, time and the weight of earth went to the making of coal. Silt and mud from the rivers covered the trees, the oceans came and went, over the fal len forests, and the terrific weight of the water caused such pressure that the final process of carbonisa tion was carried out. ★ ★ ★ The Danish explorer, Vitus Ber ing, first sailed through the narrow ocean passage between Siberia and Alaska in July, 1728. He did not suspect that North America lay only a few miles off his beam. The straits and the Bering Sea were later named after him. ★ ★ ★ The yellow panini cactus of Hawaii is a delicious edible. The fruit is usually chilled, sliced and served with a salad. rTTHE bo tree, also known as pee pul is held sacred in India and Ceylon. Such trees are planted by the Buddhists near their temples. They yield a small edible fig, which is of little value, buf the sap yields caoutchouc and the lac insect, from which pure lacquer is made, makes its home in the bo tree. At Anara japura, in Ceylon, is a famous bo tree that was planted about 288 BC. It is venerated by the Buddhists because it is said 4hat Vishnu was born under its shade. A Negress in North Carolina re cently gave birth to twins, one icMte and the ofrer black. Scientists be lieve that cither she or her husband had a white ancestor. ★ ★ ★ There are still some old Roman milestones in England, on which tlie early Roman Inscriptions are read able. * v * Some vitamins have the ability to survive for a lon« time. This has been demonstrated by a test of some barley grains recovered* from the 3300-year-old tomb of King Tutank hamen. Actually, vitamins do not correctly "survive" because they are not living things, but merely chemi cal molecules, but as such they are highly organised structures and can deteriorate under unfavorable con ditions. Barley grains from King Tutankhamen's tomb were tested by the British Ministry of Food's Cereal Research Station and were found to contain riboflavin and nicotinic acid, in each case about one-third the amount of fresh barley. ★ * * The original Assassins were a sect of Oriental fanatics of a military and religious character, founded in Persia in 1090. They numbered over 50,000, and terrorised the world for two centuries. Their name is derived fron an intoxicating drink "hasc hischwith which they are said to have doped themselves before setting out to massacre. They were stamped out in 1272. ★ ★ ★ The small cocker spaniel was s favorite pet in the days of the first Queen Elizabeth. Dr. John Cains, sixteenth century court physician, once wrote: "These dogges are litle, pretty and fine, and sought for to satisfie the delicateness of daintie dames." 