REPORTS ON HUNGARIAN MIGRANTS ANTI-SEMITISM IN BONEGILLA Strong anti-Semitism exists in Bone? gilla migration camp. Reliable reports have claimed for some time that anti-Semitic incidents have taken place among Hungarian migrants at the camp. A report by Field Officers of the Australian Jewish Welfare Society released this week .confirms these reports. The report makes it clear that official treat ment of Jews at Bone gilla is fair and without discrimination. It is alleged that some Hun garian members of the camp staff have made openly anti Semitic remarks. Some incidents have been re ported in detail to Col. Quinn, the camp .commander. President of the Australian Jewish Welfare Society, Mr. S. D. Einfeld said this week that he was satisfied that there was absolutely ho dis crimination on the part of the Department of Immigration and that the Department was doing its utmost to avoid any incidents and' any suggestion of the spreading of anti-Semi tism. A close watch would never theless be kept on any fur ther Incidents occuring at Bonegllla, Mr. Einfeld said. A Jewish - Welfare officer (Mr. Vesslar) was now sta tioned at Bonegllla. and was assisting in the care, welfare and integration of Jewish migrants. Most Hungarian Jews in the camp complain about antl-semitism in the camp which they say stems from the camp days in Austria where indifferent young Hun garians were indoctrinated with anti-semltism, it is re ported. A paper in Hungarian, Antibolshevist monthly ‘Ut Es Cel’, printed in Austria, .which contains viciously anti semitic statements, circulates in camp. The Issue of February 1957 contains the following among others. ‘Judaism is not a re ligion but a race, i.e. this alien group of people which taever wanted to be a part of the Hungarian fate or bring any sacrifice whatsoever for it, consequently they are not entitled to live among this community of people. ‘They can have these “pecu liar escapees” who are receiv ing 1000 Shillings pocket-mo ney upon crossing the border from an organisation called Joint. ‘Prosecution of Jewish free dom fighters... Before the new.escapees, readers of our paper could argue, or want to prove anything, we have to , advise them that in this case there is no reason for argu ing or trying to give proofs. We are perfectly aware .why blows were dealt to which the newspapers referred to as anti- semltic demostrations. We are well informed regard ing the exeptional assistance granted to Jewish escapees, preferences, which were not given to non Jewish ones, put ting them ahead of the Hun garians already registered. We also know that during 12 years of communist opressibn Jews had a leading role as communists, being sadistic AVO-men as well as occupy ing the best jobs. In spite of these facts we have noted that the blows that were dealt as a result of bitterness were the only signs of anti semltic actions—and this Is unforgivable.” Incidents Mr. Vesslar. the represen tative of the Australian Jew ish Welfare Society was. in volved In at least 2 incidents. About April 28, when he tried to find out the Jewish passengers who had arrived by plane from Africa, a group of about 20 Hungarian young sters gathered around him, shouting “we want to see who these Jews are”.. When on another occasion Mr. Vesslar tried to Inter view Jewish escapees in an other Block, a Hungarian challenged him to cbme out of the hut, threatening to beat Mr. Vesslar up. Mr. Vesslar stepped outside, but nothing happened.’ There were a number of witnesses to these incidents. Two cither anti-semitic In cidents in Bonegilla were re ported. A Hungarian migrant ini Block 8, whose name is known! to a Jewish migrant showed him an enamel badge with a Swastika which - he had brought with him from Hun gary. A NSW resident who arriv-1 ed in Australia from Hungary 6 years ago, came to Bonegil la to meet his cousin and fa mily, passengers on the “Fair Sea”. Apparently unaware of Mr. X’s, Jewish faith, a Hun garian interpreter of the Com monwealth Employment Office in Bonegilla, allegedly involv ed him in conversation dur ing which he stated that he had been in the Hungarian Army; he allegedly said that he regarded it as a shame that so many Jews had arriv ed in Australia and in Bone gilla. Investigation It is understood that Col. Quinn has assured the Wel fare Society Field officer that be had not previously been in formed about these incidents. He bad asked Mr. Szilvassy, the camp Quartermaster, for a report and also to.make sure that such- incidents do not occur again. He has requested that all Jewish migrants be housed in one block, and Danish mig rants be housed next to them. 