Europeans in Australia " The policy of the Chair of Australian Literature Fund has naturally always been to encourage newcomers to participate in its activities ", says Dr. Colin Roderick in a letter to Tribune. He says representatives of migrant organisations propose soon to hold a public meeting in support of the Fund. We are glad to publish the accompany- ing article by Dr. Roderick, who is Hon. Secretary of the Executive Committee. By COLIN RODERICK SINCE 1788, when the British settlement was formed at Sydney, Euro- peans of many nationali- ties have made their homes here. They have helped to develop Aus- tralia. It was Dutch navigators who, first of all Europeans, discovered Australia in 1606 when William Jansz sailed in the Duyfken into the Gulf of Carpentaria. Dutch sailors, among them Dirck Hartog, Pieter Nuyts and Pelsaert,. explored the western coast, and it was a Dutchman, Abel Tasman, who discovered Van Diemen's Land (later called Tasmania) and New Zealand. In the late 18th century, French sailors, like D'Entrecasteaux and Baudin, named many places on the coast, and the suburb of La Perouse contains the tomb of le Pere Re- seveur, who died while La Perouse was exploring in Australian waters. In 1793 two Spanish captains, Don Alexandro Malaspina and Don Jose Bustamante, enjoyed the hos pitality of Governor King. The English court, at this, time was still under German influence, and officials at Sydney included men of German origin, such as Augustus Alt, first Surveyor of Lands of the Colony. One of the first explorers to try to cross the Blue Mountains was a Frenchman, Francis Barrallier, then an officer in the New South Wales Corps. The first Government Astrono- mer (1821) was the German Chris- tian Rumker, and about this time the Superintendent of Police was Francis Rossi, a French immigrant. As the settlement expanded men of all nationalities went further afield and we find, for example, that in 1846 a medical officer at Port Macquarie was Charles de Lamonnerie, dit Fattorini. The story of the extraordinary Dane, Jorgen Jorgensen, who died in Tasmania in 1841, has been told in Clune and Stephenson's bio- graphy, The Viking of Van Die- man's Land. Explorers continued the work of opening up the interior of Aus- tralia. Among them was the Pole, Strzelecki, who named Mount Kos ciusko after the Polish patriot in 1839\. Another was Ludwig Leich- nardt, a German whose memory is honored by the name of a Syd- ney suburb. Another German of Danish par- entage, Ferdinand von Mueller, who came to Australia in 1847, became one of Australia's most famous botanists, and was knight- ed by Queen Victoria in 1879. When explorers went later into the Antarctic one of the most famous was the Swede, Borch- grevink, who was decorated by the Royal Geographical Society for his services to science. With the gold rushes in the 1850's men came to Australia from many countries — Britain, Italy, Germany, America, France, Scan- dinavia, Russia, China and else- where. AMONG the diggers who re- volted at Ballarat in 1854 at the Eureka Stockade were the Irishman Peter Lalor, the Han- overian Frederick Vern, the Prus- sian Edward Thonen, the Armen- ian Johann Gregorious, the Ameri- can James McGill, and the Italian Raffaello Carboni. Peter Lalor became a member of Parliament in Victoria. Raffaello Carboni wrote a book called The Eureka Stockade, which is a source book in Australian his tory. Among the gold diggers who came to Australia in the 1850's was one Peter Larsen, from Norway. His son is the most famous of Australian writers, Henry Lawson, who, among Australians of today is almost a sainted figure. Henry Lawson loved Australia with a great love. All who sin- cerely want to love Australia can learn to love it through reading Henry Lawson. In his story The Romance of the Swag he, the son of a newcomer, wrote: "Australia! The land I love above all others — not because it was kind to me but because of the foreign father who died at his work in the ranks of Australian pioneers." The pioneers of Henry Lawson's day carved out of the bush the towns and cities we now occupy. We are pioneers of newer things. We are all Australians. We are all working for a great future. Our goal is a great civilisation in Aus- tralia. THE best writers of Australia have always had high ideals and I have no doubt that the Professor of Australian Litera- ture will strive to make them even higher. Henry Lawson is not alone among Australian authors who were immigrants or the children of immigrants from continental Eur- ope. In fact, several such Australian authors have dealt with the prob- lems every immigrant must face. First of these was Jessie Couv- reur, the girl of Belgian parentage who wrote under the name of "Tasma" and whose touching story Monsieur Caloche appears in the collection Australian Round-Up. Another was Paul Wenz, the French immigrant who, between 1905 and 1931, wrote many stories of Australian life. One of the best novels of a migrant family's life is No Escape, written in 1932 by Velia Ercole, the daughter of Dr. Quinto Ercole, who came to Australia from Italy. In our time there is Judah Waten, whose Alien Son is an out- standing book. A new settler on the Executive Committee of the Literature Chair Fund since the Fund opened last year, John Kardoss, has written a History of the Australian Theatre which is closely related to Aus- tralian dramatic literature. There are many other writers who have shown the contribution of people who came from several different countries to Australia, among them Doctor Brasch in his book The Star of David. Here is no room for bitterness contention or strife, whatever differences may have divided the peoples of Europe in their home- land must be put behind and for- gotten. All are Australians whose ashes become Australian soil. If you wish to know the true feeling of all connected with the Chair of Australian Literature Fund I give it to you in the words of the Australian poet Bernard O'Dowd: "Unto the wronged of ages sing- ing songs of human rights, Unto her citizens to be Australia cooees 'Come!' " 