girmak migrants "RECORD CONTINGENT 'Statement by the Minister for immigration, Hon. a. R. Down er, M.P.) A recbrd contingent of «s- Blrted 'Gerth'an migrants was on the vray to Australia in the 'litter ''Castel 'Felice,- said the Minister for immigration -(Mr Downer), Caste) 'Felice sailed from "Bre- tnCrhaven on October 27 . and was -due in Freemantle On No vember 24. She is carrying a toeal of 1470 migrants, of whom 5 321 are assisted migrants from Germany. "The same ship set the pre- vious record in August when 'She brought 1449 migrants, ln- fAttdittg 1125 assisted Germans''' Mr. DfeWher said. "Gastel Felice is also 'bring ing 119 assisted Danish settlers, 'lli assisted Austiiatts, -four Swedes, three -Swiss and about 50 Germans who paid their own fares "The contingent includes 653 skilled and unskilled workers, compaied with 625 tn the Aug ust Sailing. . The -workers 'in clude 104 skilled tradesmen, 18 rural Workers, dig dferfssties, 211 semi-aciHed workers in a vari- ety of occupations, and 254 un skilled workers. "Our selection officers have reoofted that t.ke migrants are of . a particularly high standard ah'd -are representative 'of -the excellent types we are now at tracting from Germany." Mr. Downer said that this And other recent sailings indi cated the quickening interest that Germans were taking in migration to Australia. In May there had been ft total of 1415 migrants Iran Ger many, Including 928 assisted. In August the figures wete 1449 and 1125. The biggest family travelling in Castel Felice is that ot Franz and Eva Lotch, who haVfe .-five daughters and . four . Sbns. The children range from 17 to one year. The parents were born in Yugoslavia, but they have lived in Oberhauscn. Ger many, in recent years. 'This family had to live in one room.'" Mr. Downer said. "But they impressed our sel ection officials by their clean, neat appearance. Prom what 1 have been told ntewt tile fam ily, I should shy that they will "be an excellent Australian Ad vertisement for GCrman set- 'tvers." "Castel Felice" is due at Mel- bourna on November 29 "and at Sydney on December 2. 