Plan brings more from Scandinavia A USTRALIA has successfully begun a new drive to attract more migrants from Scandinavian countries. The drive could bring between 5,000 and 6,000 migrants from Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland to Australia in the coming year. This is almost treble the estimated intake for 1957-58. The Minister for Immigration, Mr. Downer, said the Scandinavian campaign was being backed by an agreement with the Intergovernmental Committee for European Migration, cutting by 84 per cent the cost to Danish migrants of a passage to Australia. Lower fares Danes are now paying only £22/6/- each towards their fares, compared with about £137 which they had to pay under the General Assisted Passages Scheme. T h e Intergovernmental Committee for European Migration will pay the bulk of the remainder of the £184 fare. The General Assisted Passages Scheme, under which Australia contributes about £47 and the migrant pays the rest, will still apply to Norway, Sweden and Finland. "The reduction in passage costs will increase our opportunities of recruiting in Denmark in competition with other countries to which the cost of a passage is not so high,'' Mr. Downer said. He said that another important step towards increased Scandinavian migration was the agreement of the Danish and Finnish Governments to allow Australia to advertise its immigration schemes in the Press. The first advertisements had already been placed in three Danish newspapers and had brought 1,100 replies from prospective migrants. Replies were still being received. Meanwhile, in Finland the potential for recruiting migrants appeared even greater than in Denmark. Mr. Downer said: "Since the war, Australia has welcomed 7,154 permanent arrivals from Scandinavia, including 3,595 who have come to Australia on assisted passages. "We should particularly welcome these migrants because we already have many links with Scandinavia in our early history and Scandinavian names shine in our record of development in commerce, industry and the arts." 