Migrant Drive in Scandahavia (From Department of Immigration) Australift has successfully be gun a new drive to attract more migrants from Scandinavian countries. The drive - could bring between 5,000 and 6,000 migrants from Denmark, Nor way, Sweden and Finland to Australia in the coming year. This is almost treble the" esti mated intake for 1957-58. Announcing this the Minister for Immigration Mr. Downer; said the 'Scandinavian campaign was. being backed by an agree ment with the Intergovernmen tal Committee for European Migration, cutting by 84 per cent, the cost to Danish tnl- a;ai s of a passage to Aus tralia. Dajiss are now paying oniy £22/0/- each towards their fares, compared with about £137 which they bad to pay under the General Assisted Passages Scheme. The Inter- governmental-. Committee for TCUropean Migration will pay the bulk " of remainder of the £184 fare.. . . - The. general assisted pasages scheme,' under w'hich Australia contributes about £47 and the migrant pays the rest, will still apply to Norway, Sweden and Finland. ;i "This reduction in the cost, .to a prospective Danish mi grant, of coming to Australia will, we believe, considerably in crease our opportunities of re cruiting in Denmark in com petition with other countries tp .which the cost of a passage Is nbt so high," Mr. Downier said. He said that another import ant step towards increased Scandinavian migration was the agreement of the Danish and Finnish Governments to allow Australia to advertise its immigration schemes in the nress. The first advertisements had already been placea in three Danish newspapers and had brought 1,100 replies from prospective migrants. Replies are . still being received. Meanwhile, in Finland the potential for recruiting migrants appeared even ' greater than in Denmark. Apart from press advertising and publicity, Fin nish radio and television auth orities had agreed to use ma terial on Australia in their pro- ' grammes. J Mr. Downer said; 'Since the war, Australia has welcomed ft 7.154 permanent arrivals from J Scandinavia,- infludina 3,59b who J have come to Australia on as- i sisted passages. « 'We should particularly wel- ' come these migrants because we J . already, have many links with Scandinavia in .our early hls- . torv ?and Scandinavian names ahtne lh our . record of develbn- < jinent in commerce, industry and J :|he arts. ''AUstralla ls predominantly, a ' British5" -countrv and Tritoih H- seif owes much to Scandinavia in the formation of its race and J character. J "Our heritage of British in- J sUtutions traditions and ideals < is a powerful reason why we in Australia should find a feeling « of comradeship, understanding end liking for the people of t, Scandinavia." 