DANISH MIGRANTS I ASSISTED PASSAGE PLAN STATEMENT BY THE MINISTER FOR IMMIGRATION, HON. I A. R. DOWNER, M.P. The first large party of Danes to come to Australia under the new assisted passage plan are on their way in the migrant liner Castle Felice. The party of 135 Danes sailed from Cuxhaven, Germany, in the Castel Felice and will reach Fre- mantle on September 6, Mel bourne September 11 and Sydney September 14. The Castel Felice is also car rying the largest party of Ger man migrants for two years — 1157 from all over West Ger many, including a high percent age of skilled tradesmen. Occupations of the men in the Danish party range from a glass- blower to a surgical instrument maker. They are coming to Australia under an assisted passage agree- ment with the Intergovernmental Committee for European Migra tion, whicn cuts the cost of ass isted Danish Migrants' passages to Australia by 84 per cent. Danes now pay £22/6/- each towards their fares, compared with about £137 which they had to pay under the General Assist- ed Passages Scheme. The Intergovernmental Com mittee for European Migration pays the major portion of the re- malnder of the £184 fare. The aim of the new assisted passage agreement is to increase the flow of Danes to Australia. It is part of a new drive by Aus tralia to attract more migrants from Scandinavian countries. The drive could bring between 5,000 and 6,000 migrants from Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Finland during 1958/59. Migrants from Scandinavian countries other than Denmark, come to Australia under the General Assisted Passages Scheme under which Australia contributes about £47 towards each migrant's fare and the mi grant pays the rest. The Australian Consul and Migration Officer in Copenhagen (Mr. G. Cole), who has just re turned from a two weeks' visit to Finland to survey the migrant field reports that there are "lit erally hundreds of Finns wanting to go to Australia. They are among the finest types of mi grants I have ever seen and we are doing all we can to encour age them. We interview 1,000 people in the last fortnight. More and more Danes, Finns, Norweg ians and Swedes are becoming interested in Australia." 