Higher fare subsidies DRIVE TO GET MORE MIGRANTS A USTRALIA has increased cash assistance toward passage costs by 60 per cent in a special drive to recruit more migrants from the United States, Scandinavian countries and Switzerland. The increased subsidies, which took effect from January 1, also apply to certain British people living outside the United Kingdom who are not eligible to receive assistance under the United Kingdom-Australia Assisted Passage Scheme. The Minister for Immigration, Mr. Downer, said these countries provided exceptionally fine types of people, with skills and national characteristics that enabled them to settle smoothly in the Australian community. "We already have a useful flow of migrants from all these sources as a result of the introduction of the General Assisted Passage Scheme in 1955," he said. "But we want more migrants from these countries and I hope that this extension of the assistance will attract many thousands. "Under the 1955 scheme, the Australian Government contributed £A46/17/6, or approximately 100 dollars, towards the passage cost of every approved assisted adult migrant from Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Switzerland and the United States and made a pro rata con- tribution for children who travelled at lower fares. "Last year, with the cooperation of the Intergovernmental Committee for European Migration, Australia arranged for greater assistance for Danish migrants. "It increased its own contribution of EA71/9/-, the equivalent of 160 dollars, and ICEM made a similar contribution. "Migrants from all these countries, other than Denmark, travelling under the General Assisted Passage Scheme, pay the balance of their passage costs themselves and do not receive financial assistance from any other source. "But assisted migrants from other countries of Europe receive the benefit of assistance from ICEM, as well as a con- tribution from the Australian Government, leaving only a nominal amount to be found by the migrants themselves. "One factor leading to the Australian decision to increase its contribution has been the increase in shipping fares since the G.A.P. Scheme was introduced. "Nationals of the countries covered by the General Assisted Passage Scheme are among the types of migrants most desired by Australia and the task of attracting them in worthwhile numbers is becoming increasingly difficult, particularly in the face of keen competition from other immigration countries, such as Canada and New Zealand. "Canada enjoys an advantage because of the substantially higher costs of the journey to Australia, and New Zealand has gone as far as offering free passages from Denmark and Switzerland to obtain migrants with required qualifications. "The additional contribution will undoubtedly help recruitment in Scandinavia and Finland. "For the first time, we have been successful in obtaining permission of local authorities to advertise Australia's immigration schemes in these countries. "The response in Finland has been most satisfactory and, provided we can give more assistance to migrants in financing their passages to Australia, a splendid opportunity is presented of establishing a regular flow of excellent people from this sourcc. "We have already had encouraging responses in the United States to publicity about opportunities in Australia, and I am hopeful that this further evidence of Australia's keenness to welcome Americans will attract a substantial flow of skilled men, particularly those with capital to provide their ©wn homes. "This new development is an example of the flexible approach essential in getting migrants of tile required type and number. "With increased prosperity overseas, it is evident that migrants are not available to be picked up as and when desired by Australia. "We must seek them out from every available source if we are to sustain the numbers of good type migrants needed to develop Australia, and we must be prepared to pay more to get those we need. "Australia has gained her first million and more migrants relatively cheaply. We shall have to exert more and costlier efforts to sustain our growth in the future. "We must adopt a bolder, more imaginative approach to immigration and increase the number of migrants while they are available," Mr. Downer said. Harder to get ILjSL response 