CITIZENSHIP DRIVE ? j TO INCREASE ! NATOiMlBSATSON Minister for immigrafiion, Mr. Dowser, recefiit*Iy urged all AysfraSScms ©end m Senders of all migrant- i^afioeiial groups fo join a dfiizerasEhip drive ft® ibeEifp increase ftihe rate of Biafwaliz^f-io?!. In each of the last two financial years, the number of people included in applica tions for naturalisation has exceeded 50,000. In 1958-59 the number was 52,394 compared with 50,903 the' previous year. The per sons actually naturalised were 47,750 last financial year and 48,064 in 1957-58. Approximately 206,000 alien migrants have been naturalised and, at June 30 last, it was estimated that about the same number of aliens were eligible but had not so lar applied. Of these eligible people about 40,000 would be child ren, who cannot apply in their own right, and would depend upon their parents' naturalisation to obtain cit izenship. It is estimated that 49.1 per cent of the eligible aliens, in Australia have ap plied for naturalisation. In various national groups of the total migrant intake, the highest percentages of applications for citizenship have come from those coun tries in the Russian sphere of influence. Hungarians lead with a record of 82 per cent of ap plications frQjn those elig ible. Applications from Czecho slovaks, Rumanians, Rus sians, Ukrainians, Latvians, Estonians all exceed 60 per cent of the total eligible within their national groups. ® Major Source Apart from the United Kingdom, the major source of migrants in cur rent programmes are the Netherlands, Germany and Italy. The percentages of applications from elig ible people in each of these national groups are Dutch 47.2, Italian 42.4, and German 36. Corresponding percentages from other 'migrant national groups include Austrian 53.3, Greek 40.4, Scandin avian — Danish 35.2 Nor wegian 19.4, Swedish 17.5 and Finnish 28.6. 'Taken overall this is a highly . creditable record, | but we are not complacent,' Mr. Downer said. 'Frankly, it is necessary that the rate of applications should be increased. 'Acceptance of citizenship is . the aim of our migration programme and of all our very considerable efforts to aid the assimilation of mi grants. 'At the same time, there can never be any question of coercion by the Govern ment to compel migrants to be naturalised. © Freedom 'Such a course would be incompatible with the freedom which we cherish and which, in itself, is a; powerful incentive to people to migrate here. 'Similarly, we do not tout citizenship, nor do we wish to cajole newcomers to ac cept what, after all, is a prize which they must earn, and which they should try to achieve as a coveted honour. 'Nevertheless, it is our duty to make sure that all newcomers .are fully aware of the privileges and re sponsibilities of citizenship and that they do not miss this opportunity, through ignorance, or apathy. 'The Government accepts and vigorously discharges a responsibility to bring these facts home to migrants in a variety, of ways. At the same time, the whole suc cess of the immigration en terprise depends upon an intelligent partnership by the Australian people with . the Government. 'The most potent way in which the newcomers can develop the desire to em brace citizenship is through the actions, the example and' the friendship' of their Australian neighbours and by the inspiration of re sponsible leaders in the various national groups. 'Already, through the ac tive help of newspapers, the radio anci other media of mass communication, and by the work of the 10,000 strong Australian - wide Good Neighbour Movement, migrants are being inspired to choose Australian citizen ship. 'In cities and towns throughout Australia, May ors and' Shire Presidents are conducting warm, human dignified ceremonies, which themselvos not only make a great occasion of each nat uralisation act, but also pro vides a strong inducement to other newcomers to seek citizenship. 'This community partici pation on an organised basis which has been arranged by the Government, is unique in this field and something of which we can be proud. 'I should like to see the movement extended. My . present appeal is to all citizens, and especially migrant national group leaders, to go out of their way to help guide new comers on their way to j becoming Australians, j Friendly advice from a j private citizen can achieve ^ more than official state- | ments.' | 