The Minister for Immigration, Mr. Downer, yesterday urged all Australians, and m particular the leaders of migrant national groups, to' join a citizenship drive to help increase «i.« 01 naturalisation. IIIU la cach of the last two fin ancial years, the number of people applying for natural isation had exceeded 50,000 said Mr. Downer. In 1958/59 the number was 52,394, compared with 50,903 the previous year. The per sonsactually naturalised were 47,750 last financial year and 411,064 in 1957/58. Approximately 206,000 al ien migrants had beeri natur alised but, at June 30 last, it was estimated that about the same number of aliens were eligible but had not so far applied. Of these eligible people about 40,000 would be children, who could-not apply in their own right, and would depend upon their parents' naturalisation to obtain citi zenship, he said. It was estimated that 49.1 percent, of the eligible aliens in Australia had applied for naturalisation. In various national groups of the total migrant intake, (he highest percentages of applications for citizenship had come from countries in the Russian sphere of influ ence. Hungarians led with a record of 82 per cent, of ap plications from those eligible. Applications frorm Czecho slovaks, Roumanians, Rus sians, Ukrainians, Latvians and Estonians all exceeded 60 per cent, of the total elig-: ible within their national groups. Apart from the United Kingdom, the major source of migrants in current pro-i grammes were the Nether-; lands, Germany and Italy. The percentages of applica tions from eligible people in each of these national groups were Dutch, 47.2; Italian 42.4 and German 36. Corresponding percentages from other migrant national groups included Austrian, 53.3; Greek, 40.4; Scandinav ian (Danish, 35.2; Norweg-j ian, 19.4; Swedish 17.5 and Finnish 28.6). "Taken overall, this is a1 highly creditable record, but we are not complacent," Mr. Downer said. "Frankly, it is necessary that the rate of applications should be increased. "Acceptance of citizenship is the aim of our migration programme and of all our very considerable efforts to aid the assimilation of mig rants. At the same time, there can never be any ques tion of coercion by the Gov ernment to compel migrants to be naturalised. Such a course would be incompatible with the freedom which we cherish and which,, in itself, is a powerful incentive to people to migrate here. "Similarly, we do not 'tout' citizenship, nor do we wish to cajole newcomers to accept] what, after all, is a prize which they must earn, and which they should try to ach ieve as a coveted honour. "Nevertheless, it is our duty to make sure that all newcomers are fully aware of the privileges and responsibil ities of citizenship and that they do not miss this oppor tunity, through ignorance, or apathy. Example "The Government accepts and vigorously discharges a responsibility to bring these facts home to migrants in a variety of ways. At the same time, the whole success of the immigration enterprise de pends upon an intelligent partnership by the Australian people with the Government. ' "The most potent way in which the newcomers can de velop the desire to embrace citizenship is through the actions, the example and the friendship of their Australian neighbours and by the in spiration ot responsible lead ers in the various national groups. "Already, through the act ive help of newspapers, the 'radio and other media of mass communication, and by the work of the 10,000 strong Australia-wide Good Neighbour Movement, mig ! rants are being inspired to choose Australian citizenship. , In cities and towns through out Australia, mayors and shire presidents are conduct ing warm, human, dignified ceremonies, which themselves not only make a great occa sion of each naturalisation, but also provide a strong in ducement to other newcomers (to seek citizenship. j "This community participa tion on an organised basis (which has been arranged by the Governments unique in this field and something of which we can be proud. "I should like to see the movement extended. My pre Isent appeal is to all citizens, and especially migrant nat ional group leaders, to go out of their way to help guide newcomers on their way to becoming Australians. Friendly advice from a pri vate citizen can achieve more than official statements." 