(By A Special Correspondent) More than 85 per cent of all eligible Jewish migrants who had come to Australia in the last 25 years were naturalised, a spokesman for the Australian Jewish Welfare Society said in Sydney last week. The spokesman said that a number of unofficial sur veys undertaken in recent years indicated that the per centage of naturalisation among post-war migrants was “even higher.” In a comment on a recent statement by the Minister for Immigration (Mr A. R. Downer), urging leaders of all migrant groups to join in a citizenship drive to help increase the rate of naturalisation, he said the Australian Jewish Welfare Society impressed on all newcomers from the date of their arrival to take out citizenship papers as soon as legally possible. A.J.W.S. registration forms, listing personal data about migrants under its care, include a head marked “naturalisation” with relevant details about a migrant’s efforts to obtain citizenship status. President of the Austra lian Jewish Welfare Society (Mr S. D. Einfeld) said his attention had been drawn to Mr Downer’s statement emphasising the need to speed up the naturalisation rate. No problem This had never been a problem among Jewish migrants all of whom real ised the responsibility they had towards their adopted country which offered them security against oppression and a new start in life. Mr Einfeld said he did not know of a single case where a Jewish migrant, brought out by the Welfare Society, had refused to take out citizenship papers. He thought most of the 25,000 Jewish migrants admitted to Australia since 1946 had taken out naturalisation . papers. In Canberra two weeks ago Mr Downer said that a total of 206,000 aliens had become naturalised. This was about 49.1 per cent of those migrants elibible for citizenship. ■ • Honor He disclosed that the highest percentages of ap lications for citizenship had come from people whose native countries were in the “Russian sphere of influ ence.” .Hungarians led with 82 per cent, followed by Czechoslovakians, Ruman ians, Russians, Ukrainians, Latvians and Estonians. Nationalities which had the lowest naturalisation rates were Dutch 47.2 per cent, Italian 42.4, German 36, Danish 35.2, Nor wegian 19.4, Swedish 17.5 and Finish 28.6. In his statement Mr Downer said: . . It is necessary that the rate of applications should be in creased. “Acceptance of citizenship is the aim of our migra tion programme. “At the same time, there can never be any question of coercion by the Govern ment to compel migrants .to be naturalised. “Similarly, we do not tout citizenship, nor do we wish to cajole newcomers to accept what, after all, is a prize wich they must earn, and which they should try to achieve as a coveted honor.” A typical scene on family arrive a Sydney wharf as to start a new life a Jewish migrant in Australia. 