ISRAEL READY TO DISARM \- BEN GUBIOJV By Eliuv Simon JERUSALEM, (UPI)s — Premier Ben Gurion said last Sunday that Israel is ready to consider neutralization or total disarma ment of the Middle East to bring peace to the troubled area. But he made it clear in an interview with the United Press Interna tional that either step would, have to be accompanied by ironrclad territo rial guarantees for Jews and Arabs alike. J The interview was Mr. Ben-Gurion’s first with any News Agency since the Sinai Campaign of 1956\. It coincided with a new period of tension with Egypt over Cairo’s detention of the Danish ship “Inge Toft” on grounds that it was carrying Israeli cargoes through the Sue» Canal. The 72-year-old Premier said Israel was wait ing to learn whether the “Inge Toft’s” cargo had been confiscated. _ “We think this is most se rious,” he said. “Nasser can not expect to have it a one way traffic.” “When two Arab leaders are squabbling with each other," he said, “each tries to prove that his rival has sold out to Israel. Such mutual re criminations lead to n contest to see who can be more hos tile to Israel." He expressed hope that the day would come “When every Arab ruler realises that each country should be left alone to manage Its own affairs as the countries of Latin Ame rica and Scandinavia do.” Menace “The greatest menace to peace in this region,” he said, “are dictatorships and the im perialist ambitions of certain countries coupled with the fact- that only one side—the Arabs—are receiving arms from both sides in the cold war.” _ Mr. Ben-Gurion said he would agree to an arms em bargo on the Middle East un der either one of two condi tions. —“Either all armaments should be removed from the region—by its total disarma ment—accompanied by guar antees of the territorial inte grity of all the countries in the area and the signing of peace treaties between them. —“Or both Israel and the Arabs should be equally armed.” “I wouldn’t mind,” he added with a smile, “if the first con dition (total disarmament) is later accepted by the whole world.” Asked if he would support neutralisation of the Middle East, Mr. Ben-Gurion noted that the word neutrality was open to different Interpreta tions. Arms “In current usage it Is taken to mean one’s position in relation to the „ United States and the Soviet Union," he said, “and Israel is me naced by neither but by her neighbours who claim they are at war with her. The Arab States are making prepara tions to destroy her. If Egypt receives arms1 from both the East and the West and at the same time proclaims.her neut rality the same menace still exists for Israel. “Israel would accept neut ralisation based on both East and West saying to the coun tries of this region ‘You must mnke an agreement to. live In peace and cooperation, each observing the UN charter and undertaking to settle all diffe rences in a peaceful manner.” Mr. Ben-Gurion also made these points in the course of the Interview: . Palestine refugees: “the only practical solution for the Arab refugee problem' is their resettlement in underpopulat ed Arab countries. But I’m sorry to sa.v I doubt such measures will be taken until there is a peace settlement since the present Arat&rulers; are not concerned with the welfare of their own people and even less for the refug ees.” Joint Arab-Israel irrigation projects: Israel has been will |ing all along to the Johnston plnn for distribution of the region’s wnter resources. “Since Arab participation now seems out of the question... (Continued on page 2) Ben Gurion (Continued from page 1) Israel will not delay work until a general agreement is reached. Mount Scopus, an area of the Jordanian-held Old City of Jerusalem, where there are i Jewish Installations, Mr. Ben gurion charged that Jordan 1 had consistently violated pro mises to give Israel access to thpse places and “the efforts of U.N. Secretary-General Hammarskjold in this direc tion have been unsuccessful.” Israeli-Vatican relations:— “There has been some im provement... not entirely as mhch as we would like blit there is no reason why they should not be more satisfac tory in the future. Immigration of Russian Jews: “I am convinced the Soviet Union will eventually permit Jewish emigration to Israel, but the question is When? Only Mr. Khrushchev knows the answer.” Israeli-Syrian border de marcation: “The marking of the common border has not been completed because of “Syrian obstruction despite the goodwill of the U.N. to see it carried through. Israel-German relations: — “Relations with West Germa ny are satisfactory. The Bonn Government has faithfully fulfilled its part of the Repa rations Agreement and other obligations on time.” Noting that Israel has no relations with Communist East Germany, he said: “Although her share in the acts of mur der and robbery committed against Jews was the same as West Germany’s, she did not display the sense of responsi bility shown by the Bonn Gov ernment” 