Australia's New Drive for Migrants Australia wiH increase wash assistance toward passage costs by 6Q per. cent. In a special drive \- «o recruit more migrants front the United States, Scandinavian countries and Switzerland from January I, the Minister for Immigration (Hon. A. Downer, MJ.l, announced recently. The increased subsidy will also. apply .to certain British people living out ride the United Kingdom who are not ' eligible to rtittive assistance under i he uaited Kingdom- Aus tralia Assisted Passage Prhfcine, he said. The Minister said Aus tralia was keen to attract migrants in greater num bers from- these countries because they provided ex- ivplionally fine . types 1 of ptople, witji t.kills and national chaifecteristids . that enabled them to.. set tle smootlily in the Aus tralian community. Mr. Downer said; "Wy already have a tisefuj flow of migrants from all these sources as a result of the introduction o£ ' the . Geifi eral Assisted Passage Scheme in 1S55, but we what timre inigrants from these' countries 'and jl hope that Uiis extension of the assistance will at tract mr.nv tliousands. "Under the 1955 scheme the Australian 'Govern ment contributed £A4G/ 17/6, or approximately 100 dollars, towards the pas sage cost of every ap proved assisted adult mi- giant from Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Switzerland and the Uni ted States and made a prorata contribution for children who travelled at lower fares. DANISH MIGRANTS ' This- year, with the co-opera tien of the Inter governmental Committee for European . Migration. Australia- arranged, for greater assistance" for Danish' migrants. It in creased its own contribu tion to £A71/9/, the equiv alent of 100 dollars and l.C.E.M. also made a sim ilar contribution. "Migrants from all these countries, other than Den mark , travelling under the General Assisted passage .Schttne, pay. the balance jjfr £ their .. passage costs afieffisea and do 'hot receive financial assist ance from any oilier source. Eut assisted mi grants froni oilier coim- tries of 'Europe receive the benefit of,, assistance from I.C.E.M., as well as a contribution from the Australian Government, leaving oiily a nominal n mount to be found bv (he migrants (hem selves. ; "One factor, leading to;, the Australian decision to, increase ,its'; cont'tbiition has been ; the increase- in shinfin- : fires. Mnce -the O.A.P. Scheme was intro- d"ced, "'-iationals of the coun tries covered by 'the Oen- fra! Assisted Passage Ssheine are among the types cf migrsnis most d. sited by- ..Australia and the , task of "attracting them in worthwhile num bers is becDaiing increas ingly difficult, particular ly in tie face of keen cainpetition. from other inuulg.aUoh countries' such as Canada ind 'New Zealand. ' . "Canada- enioys ah . ad vantage j;pSekuEe of, : ipe sulistantraHr '4ilrher '>-hokts- of the johi'Ay/to Austria lit. and Ne\C "Zealand lias gone as far as offering f: ee passage from Den- 1 mark and Switzerland to i.btaiii migrants with re quired qtialiffcations.. FUOW OF EXt EIA.ENT reocui" The -proposed addi- i.ioual coiiti-ibution will undoubtedly -help recruit ment , hi Scandinavia and .FAilaad.- For ithh- -first time, we lisive .been suc- ' cessfut in obtaining pew- mission of: local - authori ties to advertise Austra lia's immigration schemes in , these countrt®., .Th; - response In Finland has been , most . satisfactory and, ' provided W' .,can' give more assistance to migrants in financing ti eir passages to Austra lia, a splendid opportun ity is presented of estab lishing a regular, flow! , of excellent people froin this soutcie.' .. .. . . We. have already bad encouiasihg responses .ln the United fjtstc-s to pul>- licity "about, opportunities ill , Australia, and I 'am hopeful Urn this further evidence of,-. Australia's keenness to welcaae Ani- ericans Will attract a sub- 'stantlal flow of skilled iiit.ii, parllcularly those wiUi capital to provide their own homes. 'This new development is . an example - of .the flexible approach essential in getting migrants of pl.e required type and lium- ixr. "Witli bun-eased pros perity overseas, it js evi dent tliat migrants are . not available to be picked up, as and -when desired by Australia. We must seek them- out from- every available source if we are to sustain ..the numbers of good type migrants heed ed to develop Australia, and we must be prepar- . ; ed to pay more to get those we need, "Australia has gained her first million, and more -fl migrants relatively cheap- -.1 iy. We shalt have to ex- 1 ert more And costlier Of- 1 farts to sustain . our 1 growth in the future. : "We must adopt a bold- 1 er, more imaginative . ap- 'fl proach to immigration 4 dnd increase the ' number of migrants Wblle they 'fl sre.availaMe." t.- .-aiflvr.® . ' ' ' - . ' -,v-C. , ' ItM 