Arabs Worried By Hate Campaign LONDON: After first applauding the world-wide anti-Jewish cam paign, Arab League states now are concerned lest the effects will “evoke undue sympathy” for Israel from the Western world, raise U.I.A. con tributions and step up immigration. Arab League Secretary General, Hassouna, who lias had meetings with Egyp tian Government officials is reported to have told them that the “Cairo-inspired international anti-Jewish outbursts” got out of hand and bdomeranged on the Arabs. Earlier, a Danish paper Berlingske Tidende pub lished a story stating that Cairo had claimed credit for the world-wide smear campaign, adding “it is erroneous to believe that Germany is the source of the epidemic. The poison is brewed in Cairo from where the hooligans re ceive their inspiration.” In Jerusalem, meanwhile, the Foreign Ministry issued directions to all Israel dip lomats abroad to present Notes to their accredited governments, expressing anxiety and the hope of early action to uproot Nazi elements. [In Australia the Israel Minister, Mr M. Yuval, would make no comment on any action he was asked to undertake here.] From Berlin Bishop Dibelius, head of the Luth eran Church in the Western Sector, sent a telegram to Mr Ben-Gurion expressing his personal sympathy. Vatican disgust Vatican Radio, too, voiced its disgust at, anti Semitism, describing it as a serious Christian sin. In Paris last Sunday 25.000 Jews and non-Jews, led by the Chief Rabbi, Catholic and Protestant leaders, marched to the Tomb <of the Unknown Jew ish Martyr to lay a wreath. In Berlin on Friday night 40.000 Christian youths joined a procession which wound its way past the Jewish community centre and a memorial to Nazi victims in a city-wide pro test against the resurgence of Neo-Nazism. Chancellor Adenauer, receiving congratulations in Bonn on the occasion of his 84th birthday, told Jewish and non-Jewish leaders that “everything would be done” to sup press this “epidemic.” He will have discussions with W.J.C. president, Dr N. Goldman, on corrective edu cation for German youth, more intensive investiga tions into international im plications of Nazism and indemnification. 