CANDINAVIA THE RENAISSANCE OF JEWISH LIFE By RICHARD OESTERMANN h Ill h< Ik te: Ilf Although, due to their small numbers and remoteness from world Jewry at large the odds weigh heavily against Scandinavian Jewry, the Jewish congregations in Den mark, Sweden, Norway and Finland are nevertheless experiencing a true Jewish renaissance. hi Pessimists long ago predicted the enc b] communities, partly because of an ever oiing death rate and intermarriage. L of these increas However, in spite of £ ie numerical decline, ie Jewish youth is re n enerating the spiritual d nd emotional life of the h ommunit'y. They are in r* uencing their fellow ews at various stages of dissimilation tp such an d( xtent that today the ^urrent is shifting. 300 YEARS Jewish life in the Nordic ujbuntries dates back more lt ian 300 years. The Jewish n nmigrants came in waves id from widely different Corners of Europe!, 111 The community in Den nark, the oldest in Scan iinavia, was founded by Jews who came to that jcountry as merchants and manufacturers from Por tugal via Amsterdam and Hamburg in the middle of the 17th century. To begin with they sett o| [d in the smaller towns, but jj iter on they moved to Co jenhagen so that from the jj jarly part of the present \ Jntury all Jewish life in enmark has been centred h the capital. A few years after the turn the century, large groups East European Jews, mostly craftsmen, lied the ^jogroms in their countries c jf origin and found refuge )lln Denmark. Thirty years ater they were to be fol i owed by Jews fleeing from j fazi Germany. In Sweden, Jewish life • dates back some 200 years* : j These Jews came mostly rom Russia and the Baltic .jpuntries and, after 1933, ‘flrom Germany. ;||They totalled approxim ately 8,000 persons. This, however, almost ioubled by the 6,000 Jews j [om the German concentra s ion camps who were per mitted to enter Sweden as j permanent residents at the -nd of the war. jin Norway Jews have ived for about 150 years. |hey came mainly from pastern Europe. The com munity numbered 2,000 when tile Nazis went into actiop. Only about 800 es caped to Sweden, the re mainder perishing in con centration camps. After the war, the Nor wegian Government invited about 1,000 East European Jews from the DP-camps to come and settle in Norway In Finland, the Jews live mainly in the cities of Abo (900) and Telsinki (1,600), and lead possibly the most strongly Jewish and Zionist life among the Scandinavian Jews. TIES WITH ’The conditions in Den mark are to a large degree representative of the whole Scandinavian area. Although the Jews in Den mark have been hesitant in associating themselves of ficially with international Jewish bodies, they are alert to the problems and needs of Israel. During the last Israel Ap peal a quarter of a million Danish kroner was raised, an all-time high in a non crisis year, and a consider able amount considering that this sum was donated by a total of 8,000 persons, contributing an average of 275 kroner each. The feelings of the Dan ish Jews towards Israel are also to be gauged from the fact that during Is rael’s War of Indepen dence, comparatively more volunteer soldiers came from Danish Jewry than from Jews in any other country. Of all the Scandinavian Jewish communities, Den mark is by far the most strongly represented in set tlement in Israel. Since the war approxim ately 150 young Danish Jews —and several Danish non Jews—have immigrated to Israel where they have in tegrated well, and scores of Jewish youngsters from Denmark annually receive training in Israel as youth leaders. All over Israel, in kibbut zim and villages, there live some 2,500 Jews from Ger many and Eastern Europe who during the 1930’s got their first agricultural train ing in Denmark under the sponsorship of the Danish Jewish community RENEWED INTEREST In daily Jewish life in Denmark, the ties with Is rael are also manifested through the large number of persons learning Hebrew from Israeli teachers. Many Jewish teenagers in Copen hagen can now converse quite freely in Hebrew. A basic factor in the renewed interest in Jew ish life is also the fact that more and more people now get Saturdays off and quite a number use this opportunity of at tending Sabbath services. ^Kashrut is also being ob served to an increasing extent in Jewish homes. In the Copenhagen sub urbs, several Wizo groups have been formed by young wives, and school buses are now picking up their child ren to take them to the downtown Jewish school where attendance dropped when the Jews dispersed to the suburbs. For the aged, a modern apartment building, includ ing a ward for the chronic ally ill, is now being erec ted, while for the youngest several Jewish kindergar tens are now available. Here, children from assimil ated homes for the first time get an insight into Jewish customs and thereby in fluence heir parents to live up to these traditions. Most important^ how ever, is possibly the forth coming erection of a Jew ish Community Centre in Copenhagen, which. will provide also permanent premises for the B’nai B’rith Lodge, the oldest in Scandinavia* With its completion, an adequate frame will exist for the rejuvenation of Jew ish Jife in Denmark. 