EYES OF THE WORLD ON AUSTRALIA UNPRECEDENTED overseas interest in Australia has brought many visitors to our shores in recent months — people travelling to many parts of our land on missions to leam more of us and relay this information back to their own countries. The Department oi Immigration has been able to assist manj people from scattered corners of the world to gather film and information about Australia, Some of the more recent visitors are shoMn on these pages. LOOKING AT UfHROUGH LENSES k ARNE Rasmussen, a ^ leading Danish film producer, made a 90- minute colour film in all States. The film shows life from the Gulf of Carpentaria to the little streets of the big cities. The film, titled "Australia, Young and Strong," is now being shown to audiences in Denmark and Sweden. { HEIDE Djordjivic, 17, stars in an INTER- ^ _ TEL film which will be shown to 60 million people in English-speaking countries throughout the world. American producer Dan Klugherz shows Yugoslav-born Heide how he wants her to pose in the film. INTERTEL is an international organisation, to which Australia belongs. A SEVEN South American immigration offi- ^ cials now are visiting Australia for a seven weeks* study of Australian immigration procedures. With them at Sydney Airport soon after their arrival are the Commonwealth Migration Officer for New South Wales, Mr. F. Robson (fourth from left), and, on his left, (he Consul- General for the Argentine, Mr. G. T. Conti. A A SWISS Government Italian TV unit interviewed new ^ settlers in Sydney, Mt. Isa, Broken Hill, Melbourne and Perth during a lightning seven days' visit. Here Sergio Locatelli (right) interviews Sydney Opera House workers Bruno Bellini (left) and Afterc Durigon on the site. AMERICA'S National Broadcasting ^ ^ Corporation sent a camera team to Australia to make a one hour film for American colour and black and white television, with the theme "Immigration has Changed the Face of Australia It will be seen in other countries after its scheduled U.S. release in March, 1964. Here, from left, Australian sound engineer Jerry Gold, and cameraman Graham Lind, and American director Bill Burch and Jerry Green, film a print in the Mitchell Library, Sydney. a THE Dutch KRO television unit filmed a story of a young Dutch migrant in Australia. With the migrant, Ben Bekker (right) and his Australian friend Bill Sherwood (beside him) at the General Motors-Holden plant in Sydney where he has his first job are TV crew members Peter Janmaat (left) and Joost Tholens. 4 « 