Saturday Features - A People's Problems For The Ombudsman By a Staff Correspondent In an address to the Royal Institute of Public Administration at the Academy of Science on Wednesday, Mr. W. C. Wentworth, M.P., said that the Member of Parliament was developing into a sort of ombudsman. In a sense Mr. Went- worth was justified in drawing the analogy but it is probable that he would not have had this particu- lar inspiration had not there been in his audience the only member of the genre outside the Scandi- navian countries in the person of Sir Guy Powles, K.B.E., ombudsman to the Government of New Zea- land. The appointment of Sir Guy not much more than 12 months ago represents probably what is one of the most interesting experi- ments in the history of the British Commonwealth; al- though the idea has been debated by other member governments, New Zealand so far is the only one to take concrete action. It appears that the experiment has met with great success. First, however, just what is an ombudsman? As the one man in Aus- tralia at the moment best qualified to answer this question we took the op- portunity of posing it to Sir Guy Powles during the morning tea break on the day he presented a paper on the subject to the meet- ing of the Institute this week. The word, said Sir Guy, almost defies translation so that the English speaking countries have taken the easy course by simply ad- ding it to the language. It is however, an old Danish word which can be more or less applied to anyone called upon to perform a service to the public. Juryman "For example," he said, "it could be applied to a juryman, although these days that is an archaic de- finition. But it does, how- ever, illustrate the loose way in which the word for- merly was employed." To explain the word in its modern sense, perhaps the best thing we can do is quote from the Act of the Parliament of New Zealand which empowered the ap- pointment of what it calls the Parliamentary Commis- sioner (Ombudsman). Under the heading, Func- tions of the Commissioner, the Act says: "The principal functions of the Commissioner shall be to investigate any de- cision or recommendation made (including any re- commendation made to a Minister of the Crown), or any act done or omitted, relating to a matter of administration and affecting any person or body of per- sons in his or its personal capacity, in or by any of the Departments or Organi- sations named in the Schedule to this Act, or by any officer, employee, or member thereof in the exercise of any power or function conferred on him by any enactment." The departments or or- ganisations named in the schedule to the Act are practically all the Govern- ment administrative depart- ments and agencies, but special statutory corpora- tions which are not truly part of the State admini- stration are omitted. Excluded For example, the New Zealand Broadcasting Cor- poration and the National Airways Corporation are outside the jurisdiction of the ombudsman. Likewise, it is not com- petent for any member of or entrant to the armed Sir Guy Powles makes his points as he discus- ses the duties of an ombudsman over a cup of morning tea. services of New Zealand to appeal to the ombudsman on any matter affecting the terms and conditions of his service or with regard to any order, command, de- cision, penalty or punish- ment given or affecting him in his capacity as member of or entrant to the service. What this boils down to is that the ombudsman is empowered to investigate the objection of any citi- zen to the adverse affect upon him of any regulation or decision by a properly constituted authority (other than a court or tribunal against whose decision the right of appeal already exists) and making a recom- mendation to the appro- priate authority up to the highest in the land, which is Parliament. This sort of thing in fact, is just what in Australia the member of Parliament constantly is called upon to do by his constituents hence Mr. Wentworth's statement. The difference is that the ombudsman is paid by the Government to carry out this work within defined limits. He is, or should be, a trained legal man of the highest integrity and prestige, and as such, al- though he has no executive power, prohibits a light disregard of his opinions. The Member of Parlia- ment, on the other hand, works on rather hit or miss methods and may find him- self advocating a case be- cause it concerns a constituent, whether it has any real merit or not. Denmark The present concept of ombudsman originated with Professor Hurwitz, a pro- fessor of criminal juris- prudence in Copenhagen who was successful in es- tablishing the office in his own country. Because he is fluent in English and regularly ap- pears on BBC programmes as well as contributing articles to English legal journals, his ideas became widely known outside the confines of his own coun- try. Whether the New Zea- land example will be fol- lowed widely by other member nations of the British Commonwealth re- mains to be seen. It has been debated in the Canadian House but did not get very far although it is likely more will be heard of it there. The Whyatt report of the English branch of the International Commission of Jurists re- commends its institution in England. An interesting variation of the idea is found in its adoption recently by the West German Military Forces. As it is obvious that in his work an ombudsman must come into regular contact with the Public Service, we asked Sir Guy Fowles whether he encoun- tered any opposition in that direction. He replied that depart- mental heads welcomed the institution. For one thing, his work sometimes brought to their knowledge deci- sions made far down the chain of seniority in their departments of which they were unaware. "It is fair to say, how- ever," said Sir Guy, "that the general body of the Public Service have re- garded me with some sus- picion; their own associa- tion expressed the opinion that I was employed to spy on the Public Service. "Professor Hurwitz en- countered the same thing in Denmark but has been able to prove that the Pub- lic Service has much to gain from his efforts. "What success has met your efforts in New Zea- land," we asked. "In the 311 cases inves- tigated in the first year of operation, 68 were found to be justified," said Sir Guy. "In 50 per cent of them," he said, "action was spon- taneous once they were brought to the attention of the proper authorities. "In 25 per cent of the cases, due to the signing away of rights or the in- flexibility of a regulation, no redress could be secured, but recommendations were made which, if followed, should avoid a recurrence of similar cases. "In the other 25 per cent of Cases, I had to fight harder to achieve the de- sired result. "In addition," said Sir Guy, "I had my final weapon in reserve, a speci- fic report to Parliament wihch would be in the nature of an indictment. "I have not had to use that yet. Base History From Sir Guy Powle's report to Parliament on his work in the six months ended March 31, 1963, the following will indicate one type of case in which he was successful. "The Commissioner of Taxes had initiated bank- ruptc[y] action in respect of a judgment debt of over £1,000 owed by a taxpayer, who complained to me that, although he could not pay the amount owing in full before bankruptcy occurred, he had succeeded in realis- ing sufficient assets to satisfy the major portion of it. The Department, be- ing appraised of this, withdrew the bankruptcy proceedings and accepted suitable terms of repay- ment." Another: "A firm of soli- citors sought my assistance in obtaining urgent action on an outstanding immigra- tion entry application on which the Department had not given a decision despite a reminder pointing out its urgency. When the matter was referred to the Depart- ment immediate action was taken, and the Permanent Head expressed apologies for the unwarranted delay that had occurred." Sir Guy Powles, a slim and affable man with a pleasant manner, is by training and profession a lawyer. He engaged in private practice up to the war when he joined the Army and spent six years with it. On the termination of his Army appointment, he joined the External Affairs Department and spent some time in Washington as Counsellor to the Embassy. He then was appointed High Commissioner in Samoa, serving 11 years during that country's per- iod of development to in- dependence. He was then appointed High Commissioner to India and returned to New Zealand last year to take over the new appointment of ombudsman. 