FROM A SMALL FARM TO A BIGGER BUSINESS ' fo 1927, Mr. W. Melosi, an Italian Immi IIML bouaht 11 acre* of farming land in Kiritr Road, Ycitnon, for £950, and settled k wUh Mi wif» and two young tons. Pictured is Mr. Bill Melosi, hanging part of a day's production of salami in the curing room at the factory. Today, th» sffi^U farm site is now Uw head quarters of £6 million -worth of Industrial plants, and a progressive smaligoods and continen tal sausage manufactur ing business. . The profits from the sale of len&Mbe; heavy industry provided.? the finance;, jEpr the Me^c&i; family to StefflM the ?' savtefige manufaettpipgi plant, %i?hich employ^ f 24 fairfield 3neo. ' ?' - ? .; \:, h *\ The availability of5 jland to industry also played a big part in the financial and industrial expansion of the district. When the Melosi family settled on the land it had been intended to manu facture tiles, a trade the father had learned in his native Italy. It was soon found that an opportunity did not exist for such an enter prise and Mr. Melosi began gardening. In 1941 he began growing beans for the government as a part of the war effort. Two Sons His young son Bill, at the age of 15, found work j at a sausage manufactur- j ing business in Redfern, where he learnt his present trade. The other son Danny, helped out with the bean growing and gardening. j When Fairfield began to ! expand in 1947, the family | decided to sell off some of I their land and use part of ! the proceeds to start the | present business. I The business today is [ rated as the biggest sal- j ami manufacturers in | N.S.W. and the second | biggest in Australia. j Some of the products i take up to three months to j mature and cure. Of the factory's output the greatest demand is tor Italian . salami, jnortadella and cacciatori sausages. Among the popular types of salami made at the plant are Toscani, Milano, Veneto, Romano, Pimon tese, Hungarian, Budapest, Sopressa and Danish. Cabanossi. All told the plant pro duces |5 lines including . ham,: bacon and caban pssi sausages. All lines are produced under government super vision and the plant is regularly inspected by the Government Analyst. The founder of the busi ness, Mr. W. Melosi, died in 1954, leaving the busi ness to his wife and two sons. Mrs. Melosi is at present spending an extended holi day in Italy, while the two sons manage the business. Of the 24 employees at the factory, there is one family of a father and three sons. Although when the busi ness first started produc tion most of the employees lived out of the district, all have shifted to Fair field to live. Commenting on the out put of the factory, Mr. Bill Melosi said the mass mi gration to Australia of Italians and Europeans had called for greater produc tion. 'We employ methods and flavours similar to sausage and salami produced in their homeland,' he said. 'Every day I go to the market and buy the best back-fatter pigs and choice veal for the business. 'I would not like to say how many I buy or what our turnover is, be cause of competition rea sons,' be said. Mr. Melosi said that his turnover of salami would greatly exceed eight tons a week. 'Although it takes three months to produce most good salamis, and four weeks for cacciatori pfttin and hot sausages, morta della and other cooked lines are for immediate sale,' he said. 