THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT Second instalment of our science fiction satire set in Australia. By RUSSELL BRADDON ILLUSTRATED BY PHILLIPS EARLY one morning in the year 1997 the Prime Minister of Australia, KEVIN FITZGERALD, is awakened by a call on his private telephone. It is an old political crony, SIR ALFRED HILL, who has been knighted as a reward for aiding Fitzgerald to win the elections from his opponent, WILLIAM HILBERRY. Sir Alfred says his property, "Bludgerton," is overrun with thousands of rabbits, their first appearance since the '60s, when they were destroyed bv myxomatosis. Fitzgerald sends a C.S.I.R. team led by PROFESSOR WELCH and LES DORFMANN to "Bludgerton," where the scientists find no way of killing the rabbits. The P.M. orders MAJOR GARY HILL (Sir Alfred's son) to wipe them out with atomic mortars, but the scientists discover a super myxomatosis. They inject a buck and a doe with it, but the rabbits, after biting Sir Alfred, escape, and Sir Alfred dies. The P.M., knowing he faces a dangerous situation should the public learn of the accident, instructs SIR ALAN JACKS, the Minister for War and Defence, to wipe out "Bludgerton," and has Welch and Dorfmann returned to Canberra, where, to silence them, he has them certified insane by a Russian psychiatrist, GOLO- VIN, who has defected to Australia. He informs Major Hill that it will be announced his father has disappeared on a private plane trip. "Bludgerton" is wiped out. The P.M., elated to realise he controls a superbac-teriological weapon to which his country is invulnerable, because the virus cannot cross the ocean, orders the leaders of all nations to attend a disarmament confer-ence in the Sydney Opera House on Christmas Day. When all refuse he shows his power by activating the release of the virus and wiping out two armies fighting in Rhodesia and an invasion fleet approaching Aus-tralia. The conference is held, disarmament is declared, and the P.M., in a snap election, is returned to power with a huge majority. NOW READ ON. AS the new so-called Pax Australiana took hold in the next few months, this massive majority came to be regarded, if anything, as inadequate by the Prime Minister's suddenly appreciative people. Even Bill the Dill publicly praised Fitzgerald for his superb states-manship and his unswerving dedication to the cause of peace. Privately, Dillberry vowed: "Well, the old Ella always was as cunning as a rat," but publicly he praised him, and so did his four colleagues of the Opposition Front Bench, because secretly, now, they were afraid of the Prime Minister. Indeed, the only one of Canberra's ten M.P.s who was not now afraid of the Prime Minister was Field-Marshal Sir Alan Jacks, who was too stupid to realise what powers of life and death had been assumed over them all. On the other hand, it must be admitted, Fitzgerald went to con-siderable pains to keep his tame Field-Marshal contented. For years Jacks had represented the balance of power on the Government bench, and Fitzgerald, ever afraid of a revolt by any three of his team of five, had always made certain that the soldier was his permanent ally. Thus, at the time of the Abdication crisis, coercing one minister at a time, and relying on Jacks' unfailing support, the Prime Minister had pushed through cabinet his Selective Sporting Force Conscription -Act. So, when unemployment had become a grave problem in the middle 'eighties he had been able to extend school-leaving age to 20. All this legislation had depended upon Jacks' unfailing support but since he failed to recognise his own value to Fitzgerald he must still be regarded as an exceptionally stupid man. Stupid or not, however, having once, in respect of the Supermyx serum, broken his rule of never being right, he now went through a bemusing period where he seldom suggested anything wrong. It was at his suggestion, for example, that each of the nuclear powers, as it disarmed, sent to Australia a dozen or so long-range missiles, so that by the time these powers had stripped themselves of all inter-continental weapons Australia had amassed the most devastating collection of armaments and space rockets ever possessed by one country. "And to be perfectly frank," said President Nixon, "you're welcome to them. As weapons we didn't dare use them, and as spaceships . . . well, you know how that cookie crumbled." As usual, Nixon was being superbly practical. All the major powers had become heartily sick of the space race. Competing fiercely with each other, they had sent thousands of fine, fit, and courageous To page 38 Sir Gary frantically held on to the rope as the corporal plunged down. CMfM fr«« po9e 33 THE YEAR 0F THE ANGRY RABBIT men and women rocketing off to futile places like the moon and Mars, not one of whom had ever come back again. Very few of them, in fact, had even radioed back; and of the sparse words uttered by those few who had, none was quotable. Worse even than the ones who had landed somewhere, however, were the resentful ones who had missed every-thing. All of these quickly became unpatriotic and far from stoical. Endlessly circling, inter-minably complaining, they rendered the ether hideous with their requests for help: a situation made none the less tolerable by the fact that somehow time ceased to affect them, seemed not any longer to relate to them, so that they neither grew older nor wiser not even starved to death - just orbited irretrievably, hundreds of them from each space nation, demanding in-cessantly in English, French, Russian, Chinese, and Ger-man, "Lemme out of here." "If Jacks wants them," said the President amiably, "he's welcome." Jacks took them and then went even further. "Why don't we," he sug-gested at a Cabinet meeting, "declare the existence of a special relationship between us and Great Britain?" "Why should we?" some- one asked. "Well, because it'd be nice for the Queen," he said, "and because we're now the world's Number One Power and Number One Powers always have an ex Number One Power as a special relation." "Why not a special relation-ship with the States then?" the Treasurer suggested. "Because Americans are so insular they'd only think we'd changed positions with Britain as America's special relation. No - the Yanks have got to learn that they're now a Number Two Power, and that their one-time special re-lation is now our special re- lation. "Besides, the Brits know how to use these missile things we've just acquired from all over the world and we don't, and someone else may have to use them for us because I've just heard a rumor that both the N.C.O.s' Union and the Other Ranks Union of the Australian Army are thinking of declaring all mis- siles black." "On what grounds?" asked the Minister of Arbitration. "Automation without con-sultation ; obsolescence with-out compensation," Jacks re-plied promptly. "In a week's time, take it from me, the whole Army'll be on strike. Another few days and the Air Force and Navy'll be out, too, in sympathy. Then where will we be ?" "Where we always were,'' Fitzgerald snapped. "With total Armed Forces of three thousand, but on top of the world because of Supermyx." "Maybe - but it'll look bad if we can't even scrape up enough men for a march past. I say the world's Number One power should at least have an army big enough to provide guards of honor and march pasts for big occasions." "Hear, hear," muttered the Cabinet. "Hear, hear," shouted all ten M.P.s in the House of Representatives, expressing complete unanimity, but pass-ing by only one hundred and nineteen votes to three, as usual, a measure proposing that Britain be granted, vis-a- vis Australia, a special rela-tionship. At which the High Com-missioner from the United Kingdom burst into tears in the gallery and - half of Aus- tralia's missiles having been dispatched promptly to Lon-don - the Army broke its strike and returned to its duties on the surprisingly moderate condition that it be paid an extra two pounds per man per day non-protesting money and that all missiles remaining in Australia be pointed at the main sources of danger - Egypt, France, and Cuba - and handled by special squads receiving an extra ten pounds a day blast-off money. The squads were to be changed weekly so that all one thousand men in the Army benefited equally. "Cheap at twice the price," Jacks assured the Minister of Finance, who could not deny that the Australian economy could easily sustain such in- creases. Other world currencies, however, began to sag. In fact, by the middle of the second financial quarter of 1998 a world recession was unmistakably on its way. Everywhere unemployment was up, production was down, demand for consumer goods Was dwindling and hard Aus-tralian currency was draining away. And when Fitzgerald asked his economic experts why this should be so, they answered in one terse phrase: "No armaments." Both in Cabinet and in the House of Representatives, therefore, Fitzgerald took it upon himself to explain how no economy could flourish without its heavy industry functioning at near maximum capacity; and how no heavy industry could be even mildly exerted, still less required to function at maximum capa- city, unless it had to make armaments. It was the armaments in-dustry alone, he explained, which, all over the world, guaranteed full employment; which, in its turn, guaranteed a demand for consumer goods; which, in its turn, created an endless cycle of prosperity. "But because the delegates at the Opera House Confer-ence last Christmas rashly de-cided to abolish all arma-ments, today the world faces economic ruin. Americans are unable to buy refrigerators; Britons can no longer afford to gamble; Frenchmen have had to give up wine and mistresses; Russians are wear-ing last year's fur caps; Ger-mans last year's jackboots; and the world, gentlemen, can't even afford to buy our wool. "Well, this must stop," and in a broadcast he proceeded to tell Australia how he pro-posed stopping it. "As from tomorrow, there-fore, I have decided that all industrial nations will begin again to manufacture arma-ments - tanks, cannon, aero-planes, aircraft carriers, sub-marines, munitions - to the limit of their technical capacity. "But, fellow citizens, be not afraid for, having manufac-tured them, I hereby ordain that they will carry that por tion of them which they need for their own defence direct from the factory to the ocean and there consign it to the deep. And that portion which is sold to overseas buyers will be shipped to those buyers and at the port of disembar- kation will be loaded on to lorries and driven direct to the sea and there submerged. "In this way the world's ailing economies will not only be quickly stimulated but, since stocks of armaments will never become adequate, con-stantly stimulated as well. In this way does my government correct the economic folly of the Opera House delegates some six months ago." It was a bold formula he put to Parliament and Par-liament accepted it without demur, applauding loudly on both sides and voting one hundred and nineteen to three. Fitzgerald, thus authorised, summoned the world's leaders to Canberra, allowed them to be photographed jostling dis-creetly but savagely in their efforts to be the one closest to himself, and told them what he had decided. Instantly a French delegate leapt to his feet. "Monsieur le Prime Minis-ter..." he began. "No debate and no ques-tions," the Australian Chair-man shouted, banging his gavel. "The rule of these conferences has always been no debate and no question!" "Let him speak," Fitzgerald countermanded. "Thank you, Monsieur, le Prime Minister," the French-man acknowledged. "You are most courteous. But this proposal - it is too illogical for my people to accept. Rather they would revolt." "Against you or me?" Fitz-gerald demanded dangerously. "Oh, me naturally." "An Eighth Republic?" the Australian mused. "Mightn't be a bad idea at that. But tell me - why should your people revolt? What is so illogical in my suggested change?" "To spend all that money to make all those armaments just to be dropped into the sea," the Frenchman's hands flew into the air with horror. "What's wrong with that?" "That we could never use them." "But from 1962 onward, under de Gaulle, remember? you spent billions on arms you didn't ever dare use. Un-til last Christmas you and everyone else spent billions annually on arms you didn't ever dare use. Is not using them less illogical then than simply dropping them into the sea?" To page 46 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT Continued from page 38 The Frenchman thought; and then frowned. "No, Monsieur, it is not less, it is more illogical. France accepts your pro- posal." "I'm glad to hear it," Fitz-gerald murmured, "even if you didn't have any choice. Even if none of you has a choice. Any more questions?" There were no more ques-tions: and so the Fitzgerald Doctrine of Full but Qualified Rearmament became the policy of all. WITHIN weeks, unemployment graphs from Wigan to Vladivostock were falling, and sales graphs of consumer goods from heli-copters to golf clubs with built-in rangefinders were soaring. Millions of recently un-employed men now busily fed the insatiable maws of blast furnaces everywhere and thousands of factories, from Pittsburg to Pontypridd, pro-duced endless weapons of war which were loaded on to huge convoys of trucks and driven straight to the sea. "Why," Field-Marshal Sir Alan Jacks then suggested brilliantly, "don't the trucks, instead of tipping their cargoes into the sea, simply drive into the sea with them? A demand for motor vehicles, I am told, is one of the biggest stimuli to prosperity; so what better way of in-creasing prosperity than to drive all these daily convoys of trucks straight into the sea?" No sooner suggested than ordained; and the world prospered marvellously as, lemming-like, convoy followed convoy endlessly into the depths and nation competed with nation in the drive for super efficiency. Russia announced a Five Year Plan which would enable her, at its conclusion, to manufacture and throw into the sea three times as many armaments and twice as many lorries as the U.S.A America said the Russians wouldn't catch up till hell froze over and then embarked on yet another crash pro-gramme to make sure they did not. Britain announced, with a remarkable reassertion of that pride in workmanship that had been lost to her for over half a century, that it was not the quantity of muni-tions and trucks that mat-tered, but the quality: and using the slogan, "Made in Britain: Fit for any of the Seven Seas" she began to capture a great deal of both Russia's and America's arma-ment export trade. Naturally, in this race, the Germans were not prepared to lag, and long before any tanks or lorries were avail-able from the Fatherland they started a venomous whis-pering campaign against all their competitors. Russian and American prices were low, they ad-mitted, but they carried political strings: and British quality might be supreme, but what was the use of im-porting a superbly tailored submarine or an immaculately finished tank-transporter when, nowhere between Ecuador and Calcutta, could you buy spare parts for it? "Buy German," they summed it up, "and sink shipshape." Thus each country, in its own way, competed and prospered - until, by the last quarter of the year, it was reported to Fitzgerald that his reforms had been too successful and that currency was now draining away from Australia. To page 48 Continued from page 46 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT "Soon settle that," he promised, and called for a world defence conference, this time in Melbourne (which had complained loudly and characteristically when Sydney had been chosen for his first command performance and Canberra for his second). To the assembled defence experts of the world, in Mel-bourne, Fitzgerald offered his congratulations on the verve and ingenuity with which they had brought succor to sick economies. "But, gentlemen," he ad-monished, "you have all been guilty of one serious over-sight. Whilst you have all, to the utmost limit of your Defence Budgets and pro-duction potential, manu-factured arms, you have none of you manufactured so much as a single shirt or pair of pants in which to clothe your armies. "Fortunately, my govern-ment perceived your oversight months ago. Accordingly we have set aside for your col-lective use five hundred bil-lion dollars' worth of wool and hides, payment for which will be made in gold on the day of its arrival in your res-pective homelands. "Uniforms and boots made respectively from this wool and these hides will be burnt immediately after manufac- ture at a suitable place to be designated by either the manufacturing or the import-ing government, whereupon fresh wool and hides will be-come instantly reavailable." A delegate from East Ger- many rose. "This is a monstrous example of hyena Fascism," he complained. "My country is quite capable of providing and burning its own ersatz materials for the uniforms and boots of the soldiers. "To attempt to coerce us into burning your decadent merino wool and your corrupt bullock skins when we could burn our own magnificent ersatz field-grey drill and boots made of pigskin is not democratic." "Maybe you think not, Herr von Bulendow," Fitz-gerald replied silkily, "but it is what we would like you to do. And democracy, by our definition, is, nowadays, en-tirely what pleases us. More-over, we are prepared to de-fend our vision of democracy. "I remind you of the fate of the Rhodesian armies and of the Sinippon Naval Ex-pedition, and then I ask you, of what would you in East Germany like to make uni-forms and boots for your armies ?" "Of decadent merino wool and corrupt bullock skins," von Bulendow sighed. As a reward, Fitzgerald allowed him to stand closest to him in the group photo-graph that was taken to signal the end of the con- ference. "Balance of Wealth En-sured," one Press caption read; another paper, more cynically perhaps, though not cynically enough for the Prime Minister to insist upon a prosecution under his re-vised Official Secrets Act, said simply: "It's Warmer With Wool: Ella Dispels The Blues." In fact, Fitzgerald had per-formed a miracle. The world thrived; there was money -and food - to burn; the threat of war had vanished from every horizon; and man- kind at last knew the mean-ing of that blessed phrase, "Peace in Our Time." ALL that threat- ened this state of universal bliss was the nature of gov-ernments and the tempera-ment of Australia's Prime Minister. Having once won his own unparalleled majority, Fitz-gerald decided to tolerate no changes of heads of govern-ment anywhere else in the world. He recognised that if every one of them should be sent packing by an electorate, Australians might remember that he could be sent packing, too. Therefore, all who had been in power at the time of the Opera House conference remained in power; but, re-maining, each revealed his true nature, which was a suspicion of all the others. Each revealed a lust for adulation and respect, ridicu-lous in men like themselves, who ordinarily would not have commanded even a second look. And finally - in his deter-mination to extract from his people the adulation he craved, to create a situation where loyalty to a leader be-came obligatory and virtuous - each then revealed a will- ingness (worse, an eagerness) to resort to war against a carefully chosen enemy. In short, after only a year of perfect world peace, poli-ticians everywhere began desperately to attempt to revive between themselves thc power ploy of artificially stimulated conflict. But for this ploy, Fitz-gerald's enforced ideology of world disarmament made no allowance; and great states-men everywhere fretted anxiously because of the ban. "If it goes on like this much longer," an African president complained, waving his symbolic fly swat indig-nantly, "my people will start treating me as if I had never been in gaol for atrocities against a colonial power. But if I could just have a little war against Ghana now, my prestige would be completely restored . . . because, you see, I would be needed as a leader by my people then, none else of whom has the faintest idea about how to invade Ghana." "Nor would even want to," Fitzgerald pointed out. The African president smiled. "Maybe not," he ad-mitted, "but that is hardly the point, is it?" "No," Fitzgerald agreed, knowing that the real point was the importance of the status quo and the mystique of those who ruled. "Well, I can't stay in power," threatened the presi-dent of France's Seventh Re-public later, "unless you let me attack either Denmark or Italy." "And what would be your excuse?" Fitzgerald asked. "The need to destroy either Denmark's competing poultry - my peasants are furious about Danish eggs: have been even since the Common Mar-ket disintegrated - or Italy's refrigerators." "I'll think about it," the Australian promised. "Then may I," asked the President of the United Arab League, "invade Israel at once? Otherwise, if the Syrians don't murder me, the Iraqis most cerainly will." "Murder you?" muttered Fitzgerald. "Now that coulld be a very nasty precedent. "I must convene a con- ference," the Australian de-cided. "A solution to this problem must be found." The Australian Prime Minister addressed the gath-ering. "For a world sick of war," he announced, "I was the architect of what should have been a great and lasting peace. Now, however, you prove yourselves unworthy of this blessing. You demamd freedom of will. You claim, for your peoples, the right to wage war against aggres-sors; and so you force me to become your architect of conflict." Having thus praised him-self and implied what he knew to be false, that the need for war came from peoples rather than from Governments, he went on to tell the assembled delegates how in future their wars would be fought. In the first place, such wars must all be fought in a battle zone from which they could not spread to involve other countries. In the second, to avoid devastating one an-other's farmlands and cities, what was needed was an efficient and quarantined battleground where only combatants would suffer. "This battleground," he told them, "will be provided by my Government. It will, in fact, be situated in Aus-tralia on and around the desert range of Woomera. It will be equipped for every kind of warfare and will he leased out by us for a pay-ment in gold of two million dollars a day upwards from each of the belligerent powers." To page 49 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT Confirmed from page 48 A gasp rose from those assembled below him. "I know," he acknow-ledged, "it's dirt cheap, but we feel we should not profit from others' suffering." Having provided the battle-field, he went on, he realised that Australia must also pro-vide all the weapons and armaments of war since those made by other countries were invariably, and by interna-tional law, destroyed upon completion. His Government had re-luctantly agreed, therefore, to make Australia the sole arsenal for any and all future belligerents. And their granary. Fees for both services to be paid in gold on delivery. IT had also been decided, he said (though not admitting that it was only at the suggestion of his Minister for Tourism) that various Australian cities should be allotted, on a rota system, as leave centres for the visiting combatants. A Russian commissar leapt at once to his feet. "A ridiculous idea," he shouted. "The opposing combatants will only fraternise." "Hear, hear," an English-man supported, and whis-pered to his aide that these Russians were absolutely first class chaps, and it was a damned poor show they had to be on opposite sides. "Combatants," Fitgerald explained, "will not fratern-ise because they will not meet! North Army - we have decided that impartiality will demand of us that all competing armies be referred to simply as North and South - will go to one city, South to another. After a month they will change round." Looking up from his notes, he observed that all the dele-gates now looked perfectly happy, so he continued with his exposition. It had been further de-creed that, in view of past atrocities inflicted by captor nations on prisoners of war, Australia itself would assume total responsibility for all prisoners of all future wars fought on her soil. They would, Fitzerald ex-plained, be housed in special settlements, and would be en-couraged to lead a full and normal life by working on irrigation schemes and the construction of roads and railways. For this they would receive the full Australian rates of pay, the Australian Government being subse-quently compensated for all such payments by an equival-ent delivery from the vaults of the relevant combatant nations of bars of gold. All troops transported to Australia to wage war must, in view of the United King-dom's Special Relationship with Australia, travel in British vessels; and at the end of the war they must return in British vessels. Meantime, since warfare had once again been ac-cepted by mankind as a legitimate means of settling disputes, to ensure that such warfare remained a decent matter simply of bayonets and decapitation by shrap-nel, all those nuclear physi-cists who had been im-prisoned for so long now (awaiting a United Nations decision about the place where finally they would be isolated - a decision which never came because someone always vetoed whatever was suggested) would be at once transported to the Falkland Islands and there aban-doned. They would be victualled: but they were never to re- turn to their homelands nor to leave those barren islands. And lastly, Fitzgerald de-creed, the Australian Gov-ernment's representative, General Sir Gary Hill, would forthwith become the world's official War Judge and final arbiter as to who had won each future war and by how much. At the moment the Australian Government fav-ored only three decisions Total Victory, Stalemate or Pyrrhic Victory - but its attitude would be flexible and satisfaction was guaran- teed. Any belligerent comman-der-in-chief rash enough publicly to declare himself not satisfied, however, would To page 57 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT Continued iront page 49 immediately be certified in-sane; and, in the lamentable event of an entire army's mutinying against Sir Gary's decision, that army would be denied all food and water until it either perished in the desert or became amen-able. "These, then," Fitzgerald concluded, "are the bare principles of future warfare: and since I realise how neces-sary it is that none of us should fail to understand what is meant by these prin-ciples, I shall once again allow questions." "Who will be allowed to fight first?" an Asian shouted. "Undoubtedly the United States of America," Fitz-gerald answered at once. A murmuring of disapproval rumbled. "Enough of that," he rebuked. "I have a good reason for making this de-cision. If our central Aus-tralian desert is ever to be-come a really efficient amenity, to be used and en-joyed and fought upon by you all, we must have a rail-way line from Darwin right down to Adelaide. "So I hereby allot Darwin as the American port of arrival in Australia and ad- vise the United States that her armies will fight some one thousand five hundred miles to the south of that port. I think we can take it that very soon thereafter a rail-way line will be built from which all future combatants will benefit." At this a ripple of laughter splashed around the hall. "Who will the Yanks fight?" someone shouted. The American President leapt to his feet. "Cuba! Who else?" "Who gets the battlefield after America?" shouted an-other - at which such up- roar ensued that Fitzgerald, holding up his hands until the assembly fell silent, announced: "General Sir Gary Hill is at your service, gentlemen. Make your bookings with him." and left. Flicking open and writing on the pages of a series of large blue office diaries, dated 1998, 1999, and 2000, Sir Gary, surrounded by politi-cians of every race, appeared to be making war bookings for years ahead. The same night, Professor Welch and Leslie Dorf mann were abruptly awakened as they slept in Sydney's Long Bay Gaol. Given only a few minutes to dress, they were bundled into a car with two policemen and began a swift drive toward the docks, where a frigate waited to transport them to the Falkland Islands. At Darlinghurst a large saloon, inevitably driven by a woman, rammed the police car so violently that it could proceed no further. Good naturedly, for once, Pro-fessor Welch walked with his police escorts to the docks: but in the excitement Leslie Dorfmann escaped into the darkness." "Idiot," Fitzgerald fumed as his New South Wales Com-missioner of Police confessed this official bungle. "Which one got away?" "Dorfmann," the Com-missioner muttered. "All right," the Prime Minister gritted, "find him," and hung up. "Now," he con-soled himself, "we can at least organise a few decent wars." THEIR first war was a dull but (from the Aus-tralian point of view) very successful affair. The Ameri-cans quickly built the neces-sary railway line from Darwin to Adelaide, and they and the Cubans then moved into position, facing one another from trenches separated by half a mile of reddish sand-hills and yellowing spinifex. Almost at once there were disputes - mainly about the Australian Government's catering arrangements. "My boys," the American general protested, "want ice-cream.'' "Our heroic comrade soldiers," ranted the Cuban commissar, "request that you impose a daily ceasefire for a siesta when the sun is high." "My boys . . ." "And my heroic comrades . . ." the American and the Cuban smiled warmly at each other, and the Cuban waved his hand to indicate that the honor of making this joint protest should be the Ameri-can's, "would both like coffee rather than tea." Firmly, General Sir Gary Hill explained to them that Fitzgerald had conceded more than enough by allowing the renaissance of war, without making war itself enjoyable. Therefore, there would be no ice-cream for the Americans, he would not negotiate a battle-free siesta time for the Cubans, and both sides could drink tea or go thirsty. At this the Americans refused to eat at meal-times, the idea of steaks without ice-cream being quite repellent to them; and the Cubans took to making raids nightly when chow was called and their enemy's morale was at its lowest. They took thousands of prisoners and killed hun-dreds daily. On the other hand, they themselves went stubbornly to sleep each afternoon from one till three - at which time, without fail, the Americans attacked, killed hundreds and captured thousands of Cubans. Meantime, the men of both armies were given leave every second weekend - airlines flying the Americans to Syd-ney and the Cubans to Mel-bourne, which was never to be quite the same thereafter. Not that Sydney fared much better. Though ill-paid, compared even with Aus- tralian schoolteachers, the American servicemen ap-peared to retain an atavistic but irresistible technique with girls, which outraged the local boys. No use their great grandparents consoling the latter that in 1942 it had been much worse: all that Sydney's young manhood now knew was that these accursed Yanks were completely upsetting the Australian tradition of total female subservience (which had been the rule for the past decade) by taking girls to dances and then, supreme solecism, actually dancing with them. A petition was sent to the Prime Minister asking him to make Sydney off-limits to American servicemen, but the Minister of Tourism and the Hotels Association opposed the petition strenuously - and Fitzgerald declined to act on it. Nevertheless, he did in-struct Sir Gary Hill to bring the war to a speedy con- clusion. This was not difficult, because almost all those from beth sides who hadn't already been captured and gone to prisoner of war settlements (to build Australian railway lines and earn big wages) were either away on leave, overdue after leave, or ab-sent without leave. There was, in fact, practically no war left to terminate. Sir Gary brought the op-posing commanders-in-chief together and told them that they had tied. To page 53 Continued from page 51 Unfortunately, neither would accept the decision and Fitzgerald felt that it would look bad to certify them both. Sir Gary pondered a while and then evolved the formula which was to save many faces (and, less important, lives) in the years to come. He told each commander-in-chief that unfortunately, the battlefield was booked up by Alabama as from the following weekend and that, therefore, both annies must quit the arena. Though the profit on this war, so far as Australia was concerned, was an extremely large one, it was the political lessons learnt from it that were most valuable. "The Americans wanting their ice-cream; now," Fitzgerald com-mented at a Cabinet meeting, "that's the kind of thing psy-chologically that's going to make all the difference to us in future. Now here's what we do." What they did, briefly, was to set up, a mile behind the lines of the combatants, an office of Desertion and Immigration. There, as each successive war was fought, the staff (carefully briefed by the Depart-ment of Psychological Corruption) quickly developed an insidious tech-nique capable of seducing away from his colors even the most fanatic of patriots. Five minutes later, at the out-side, the soldier concerned was transmogrified into a New Aus-tralian and was on his way to the nearby Plane Shop at which, at ten minute intervals, a service flew either westwards to Perth, south-wards to Adelaide, or eastwards, approximately, to Melbourne or Sydney or Brisbane. EVERYONE had his weakness and, given five minutes to read up the Manual of Psycho-logical Corruption, the gifted offi-cials of these Immigration Centres (each of them a con man on parole from gaol; each earning a month's remission for every migrant won from the field of combat) could be relied upon to find it. So reliable, in fact, did they soon become that Fitzgerald ordered Sir Gary to be ready to rearrange his list of war bookings so that it would conform with Australia's labor force shortage at any given time. Thus, when more miners were needed, Sir Gary was required to switch Venezuela's war with Dominica to one where Belgium fought Spain. When the first trickles of water reached the parched interior, via irrigation canals dug by prisoners of war, men used to intense heat and the slow task of reviving lost land had to be found. Skillfully then Sir Gary persuaded Greece to forgo her eagerly anticipated engagement with Turkey in order that Israel might fight anyone she chose, so long as she fought. When expert steel workers were needed, a Germany verus Britain bout was organised. The Scandinavians were em-broiled to produce ski instructors, small boat builders, fishermen, and glass blowers; the Dutch for the sake of their reclamation techniques; the Argentinians for cattle hands: and Russians to teach the classics -a branch of human knowledge lost almost entirely to civilised man since the 1970s. "You've done well, Gary, very well Fitzgerald at his next Cabinet meeting commended, "but the time has arrived when you simply must get me those Russians. I'll tell you somethmg. In the past two years we ve increased our population by two and a quarter million migrants, all of them skilled in some trade or another, but none of them with any culture; and it's just not good enough. "We're too old-fashioned, we of the non-Communist world, Gary. It's no good saying that if science and physics and technology were good enough for our fathers they're good enough for us. This is the age of competing ideas and ideals -and the winner will be the side that can express itself best, which it won't do with either Kirchoff's Laws or the formula for polypeptide chains. "To breed tomorrow's master race, one's youngsters of today should be studying the humanities, the classics, the odes of Horace . . ." "Horace who?" asked the Minis-ter for Education. "That's exactly what I mean," Fitzgerald sighed. "Horace No One; just Horace. A great poet. A Roman. The Russians know it all, of course. May Day in Moscow they have ten thousand pupils marching past the Kremlin, all chanting odes by Horace. Word perfect. Scansion per-fect, too. I tell you, it's a frighten-ing sound, ten thousand school kids marching and chanting in unison, with perfect scansion. "Well anyway, do you know that the Russians now have five times as many B.A.s, M.A.s and Doctors of Literature as the rest of the world put together? Gary, how can we win this struggle when today's non- communist youth couldn't tell an iambic pentameter from the doctrine of Pragmatic Sanction ?" "I have no idea," Sir Gary told him tersely. "I've not understood a word you've said." "Then get me some Russians who will," Fitzgerald snarled, "before it's too late." "But why worry?" Field-Mar-shal Sir Alan Jacks objected. "You've got Supermyx. Technologi-cally you've got the cream of the earth." "I keep telling you," the Prime Minister interrupted, "that tech-nology is worthless, that the twenty first century will be the century of the mind; of leisure and how to use it - which is something entirely of the mind. To page 54 "We're not always going to have a Twenty-Two Hour Week, you know. The first decade of the twenty-first century should see us down to sixteen hours a week. Work Saturday and Sunday; Monday to Friday for the weekend. Now how,'' he demanded vehemently, "are people going to fill in that long five-day weekend?" "Not," muttered the Minister for Education sourly, "reciting poems by Horace No One, I hope." "That will do," Fitzgerald snapped, and the Minister for Edu-cation blanched. "Especially since you, more than anyone, are respon-sible for our academic shortcomings today." Then, ignoring the crushed Min-ister, the Prime Minister turned to the rest of his Cabinet. "The twen-tieth century we're just leaving be-hind us has been called the Age Continued from page 53 of Science," he told them quietly, "the next will be called the Age of Reason. So either we prepare for it now, or accept that, by not pre-paring for it, we become and remain a second-class power for ever. "You get me some of those Russian professors, Gary, by any means you like, but break that Soviet monopoly on culture quickly. We've got to get into this race." "Who else has got some of this culture, well?" Sir Gary asked. "Scotland and Ireland; that's all." "How about a war between Russia and Scotland, the winner to take on Ireland then?" THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT "Ah," said Fitzgerald, "now you're talking. Fix it." Dutifully the general fixed it therefore; and swiftly the Immigra-tion Department seduced, bribed, corrupted, and blackmailed into desertion soldiers from both sides of the two-part war. And culture returned to Aus-tralia. "Culture," Fitzgerald pro-nounced, "which vanished from the Antipodes when Sutherland and Nolan and Braddon and Lew Hoad left us in the Black 'Fifties, has returned." "Culture," observed the outside world, "has reached the Antipodes at last!" But certainly, whether culture had just returned or only just arrived, Australians now began to live graciously, peacefully, and prosperously. As for living prosperously, by 1999 they could hardly fail to. War bookings, victualling of combatants, sale of armaments and of wool for uniforms - all of these had brought into the Commonwealth tons of gold daily. So much so, in fact, that the anomalous situation had developed where miners in Broken Hill were paid huge wages to dig gold out of the ground for sale overseas, whilst miners in Katoomba were paid huge wages to bury gold under the Blue Mountains as it was paid in from overseas. Happily this was not the sort of anomaly any Australian had ever been known to complain about, so that when the Americans, finding Fort Knox suddenly hubbard bare, complained for them, they got no sympathy at all. Perhaps because of this the Americans, and others, at last made a desperate and curiously belated attempt to break Australia's strangle-hold on world affairs. They began by spending millions searching for an antidote to Supermyx (in which, however, they were greatly ham- pered by not even knowing what Supermyx was) and later even went so far as to kidnap eight members of C.S.I.R. s research team before realising that the only men who knew any of the secrets of Aus- tralia s super weapon were Professor Ivor Welch and young Leslie Dorf- mann. But, of these, one had been banished to the Falklands along with the world's nuclear physicists, and the other was somewhere in hiding with a female psychiatrist called Miller. A series of commando raids on the Falkland Island Settlement were promptly launched, but were foiled by the physicists themselves, who were having so splendid a life free of lay interference that they reacted with violence and ingenuity to any attempted dragging away - even of one of their sacred number - to ordinary society. THUS Welch re- mained safely in their midst, and his secret, being non-nuclear, and therefore of no interest at all to his colleagues, remained safely in his head. Naturally, Fitzgerald soon learnt of these commando raids (one each by England, Germany, Russia, and America), and consequently toyed for a day or two with the notion of a display of terror to discourage any further attempts. But there were other things to occupy his mind. Ladyill for one, who had been pestering him with letters for months past and whom, at least, he had agreed to see. "I don't believe my husband crashed in his aeroplane, and there something fishy about young Gary nowadays," Ladyill attacked at once. "What do you say to that?" "If Sir Alfred didn't crash, where is he?" Fitzgerald parried. "On 'Bludgerton,' that's where." The Prime Minister's eyes grew very cold as an awful suspicion nickered through his mind. Had Gary Hill talked to his mother? And if so, could he, Fitzgerald, afford to shoot so brilliantly succes-ful a War Manager? "I hope," he said, "that it wasn't your son who planted this idiotic notion in your head." "Gary never even talks to me nowadays, let alone plants notions," she retorted. "Too high and mighty for this old trout of a mum nowa- days is young Gary." "But you said,'' Fitzgerald per-sisted suspiciously, "that there was something fishy about him." "So there is. He was a major two and a half years ago. Today he's a knight, a general, and gets mentioned in the papers fifty times a day. Why?" "Why not?" "Look, people get titles and promotion nowadays for being crooked . . ." "Like Sir Alfred was?" "Yair - like my husband was. He blackmailed about twenty-five thousand people to put your rotten government back in and got a title for it. So what'd my Gary do to get himself knighted ? Kill his dad who was thinking next time of putting you out?" "Lady Hill," Fitzgerald was genuinely shocked, "that's an awful thing to say." "Look," said Ladyill earnestly, "Alf liked Gary, and I love him. He's my son. But even Alf didn't rate Gary too high. So why in less than three years does he become General Sir Gary Hill?" "Obviously, because he has a talent which neither you nor your late husband ever observed." "And why," Ladyill said, more to herself than to the Prime Minister, "hasn't he ever come near me, or written or telephoned, since his dad died ?" To page 55 Fitzgerald rose and went round his desk to the chair in which Ladyill sat in her plain black dress and her severe white gloves. She had worn no jewellery, furs or strawberry-pink hair since the day she was widowed. Her eyes filled with tears as the Prime Minister looked down at her "Your husband is dead, he said, "and your son is busy. Largely be-cause of them, Australia today is the greatest country in the world. Don't go looking for any answers, Flo." "But I'm lonely, Kev." "So am I," he told her gently. "Have been for twelve years. And I see my wife every day of my life. Mavbe it's because we're get-ting old." . She stood up, swallowing, but making no attempt to dry the tears on her cheeks. "Kev?" "Yes?" "He is dead, isn't he?" "Yes. Flo." "And Gary?" "We need him." She held out her hand. "Thank you for seeing me." "Good-bye." he smiled and opened his door. "Call my car up," he ordered his secretary, "and have Lady Hill driven to the airport. She's flying back to Sydney." He patted Ladyill on the shoulder and pushed her gently on her way. "Bye." he said again, and closed the door before she could reply. Moodily he surveyed the door's panelling and hated himself. She'd been pretty once. Flo had - when he got his exhibition to the univer-sity and she'd been a nurse at the Prince Alfred Hospital the other side of the university grounds. When, late at night, he used to sit with her on the grass at St. Paul's College oval and talk about the need for ideals in politics, ig-noring her obvious preoccupation with matters more immediate and less metaphysical. Before she'd met a cow-cocky patient called Alf who married her and took her to the outback with him to slave until oil was found on "Bludgerton" during the big drought. Yes - she'd been pretty. And he'd enjoyed taking her out to the odd hop - or surfing at weekends. Now he'd killed her husband and deprived her of her son. His telephone rang and ended the unaccustomed luxury of a moment's honesty. "Alan here," his Minister of De-fence announced himself. "Mind if I come over tomorrow? Like to give you my appreciation of this Dorfmann business." "See you at eleven. Alan. Good-bye." Fitzgerald hung up and at once buzzed his secretary. "Get me Sir Gary Hill on the telephone," he ordered. Then: "Gary? . . . Just been talking to your mother... No, she's not well and her intuition is working overtime about where your father died ... I know you didn't say a word ... No, it doesn't really matter any longer that people find out about the mistake that killed Continued from page 54 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT your Dad and didn't kill the rabbits; but I do think your mother shouldn't find out. After all, what decent, red-blooded Australian woman wants to be widowed by a rabbit ... ? "Yes, I thought you'd see. So the whole 'Bludgerton' story re-mains an official secret: 'Bludgerton' itself, though completely free of con- tamination, remains a Prohibited Zone and you will go and see your mother at once. That's an order!" With which, feeling slightly better, he slammed the receiver back on its cradle. Absolute power might, he thought, corrupt - "No, let's be frank," he said aloud, "it certainly has corrup-ted" - but it had its compensations. Jacks arrived ten minutes late at the Prime Minister's office and at once flung himself gratefully into a chair, spilling half his cold tea into his lap as he did so. Unde-terred, he siphoned the rest noisily through his moustache and yellow teeth and then said: "Ah, that's better." Fitzgerald sighed. Somehow he was in no mood for the Jacks' rou-tine this morning. In fact, he de-cided, if Sir Alan now said. "Mind if I speak off the cuff for a minute?" he ran a grave risk of instant cer- tification. Patting his stomach and clearing his throat, Sir Alan asked: "Mind if I speak off the cuff for a minute?" With great difficulty, Fitzgerald replied: "Fire ahead. The Dorfmann busi-ness, I believe you said it was to be." "Yes. Now he escaped, you'll re-member, on the way to the deporta-tion ship with Welch." "That's right." "And round about the same time. Dr. Miller, that pretty psychiatrist girl, vanished from her job at the Canberra Neuroses Hospital." "Also right." "We assume," Jacks continued, "that they planned the thing to-gether on the days she visited him in Long Bay Gaol . . ." "We know they did! It was her hire car that rammed the car tak- ing Dorfmann and Welch to the deportation ship: and it was her private car waiting not ten yards away, facing in the opposite direc-tion and with its engine running, in which she and Dorfmann escaped while both those half-witted copper escorts leapt on to Welch instead of one on to Welch and one on to Dorfmann." "That's right," Jacks confirmed in astonishment, and then waited admiringly for further enlighten- ment. "This is your appreciation, Alan," Fitzgerald sighed. "Eh ? Oh, yes. Well, you know we've always assumed that they were subsequently offered asylum in one of the Embassies, probably the American? Sort of doing a Mindszenty ?" "I do." To page 56 "Well, I reckon they weren't." "Why?" "Because two years have passed and the Americans still haven't dis-covered Supermyx ; but if they'd given Dorfmann asylum, they'd certainly have got it out of him by now." "You've forgotten two things," Fitzgerald objected, "First, though he knows too much to be safe, Dorf-mann didn't know the secret of Supermyx - that was Welch's secret only; secondly, Dorfmann is too loyal an Australian to betray us even if he had known it." "But he ran away from us." "That doesn't make him any less loyal. All Australians hate consti-tuted authority and in the same circumstances they'd all have run away." Jacks thought a moment. "Weil, if Dorfmann didn't know the secret of Supermyx," he de-cided, "he definitely isn't in an Embassy." "Why not?" "Because he'd be useless to them, in the first place; and because, if ever you found out, you'd be so furious you'd probably destroy Pitts-burg or Halifax or Bremen or some-where, in the second. So, long since, they'd have kicked him out and we'd have found him, which we haven't, which confirms my appreci- ation of the whole affair." "And that is?" queried Fitzgerald. "That Dorfmann and the Miller girl went to the one place in Aus-tralia where no one would ever look for them to ask questions." He paused dramatically, "To 'Bludger ton,' " he concluded. Fitzgerald's mouth dropped open and his eyebrows met in a frown of comprehension. But, of course; it was so obvious "Bludgerton," which had secretly been pronounced free of contamination before Dorf-mann and Welch were arrested -of which fact both scientists had been advised: "Bludgerton," which the decontamination squad had re-ported to be teeming with wild horses and cattle and sheep - as if they knew that here was a sanctu-ary from man's appetite for meat. "Bludgerton," from which two fugitives with a car could drive to any of four distant townships for supplies without ever attracting any police attention so long as they didn't actually run down the one constable on duty. "You know," said Fitzgerald cautiously, "I think you could be right." "Sure I'm right." "Then send a patrol up right away." '"Helicopters?" "Anything you like. Bring me back Dorfmann and I'll not question a requisition for half the Air Force and the whole ruddy fleet." "On the other hand," Jacks sug-gested, "we could just leave them there to rot." "That young man," Fitzgerald told him coldly, "became, and still is, a national hero, a sort of superior Ned Kelly, simply because he made a fool out of me. I want him caught. "I want him locked away on the Falkland Islands with Welch. I don't need any more Supermyx cul- ture manufactured - still less do I want an antidote to Supermyx dis-covered. I just want Dorfmann, the new Ned Kelly, caught." "I'll give the order right away," Jacks promised, "and report back within a week." It was ten days, however, before he reported back, and when he did it was obvious that the recently discovered and unexpected vein of wisdom in the otherwise inexhaus- tibie Jack's mine of stupidity had at last been played out. Thirty men, ten vehicles, a hover- craft, three helicopters, and two horses had been fully employed for nine days and one hour and had found no one. Jacks even offered aerial photographs to prove that "Bludgerton" sheltered no one. "You seem pleased," snapped Fitzgerald. "Eh ? Oh, no, sir," stuttered the Field-Marshal, remembering his role. "Not to worry, P.M. There are some more photographs to be de-veloped yet which I'll let you have tomorrow. Maybe there'll be some-thing, I mean someone, on one of them." "Maybe. So you bring them to me tomorrow," his Prime Minister dismissed him, "but on your way out, now, send Gary in to me. I want his report on War Bookings." "But shouldn't Gary make any report he has to all of us? I mean, to the Cabinet?" "No," Fitzgerald told him bluntly. "But what are Cabinet Ministers for if not to meet and listen to reports by other Cabinet Ministers?" THE Prime Minister snarled: "I'll tell you what they're for, although, if you'd studied your modern political history and the precedents of men like de Gaulle, you'd know it for yourself. "Cabinet Ministers are to make governments responsible. In other words, if I make a policy decision which turns out to be wrong, I sack the Minister who's been putting my policy into effect because he should have known better. "This is called, as you very well know, macmillaning. And if you're not out of here in ten seconds, I shall macmillan you." Sheepishly the Field-Marshal exited, and Sir Gary Hill entered. "Your mother better?" Fitzgerald demanded. "Yes, sir." "Good. Now look at these," and flung a bundle of cables on to the desk. Hill picked them up and read the decoded translation attached. "Should be very profitable," he said, handing back the cables. "Yes," said Fitzgerald, "it should. But can you manage it?" "A war between a temporarily united Germany and Poland?" Hill asked in some surprise. "Easy enough, isn't it?" "No." "Why not, sir?" "Because such a war will become World War III." Quite a long silence followed this assertion of Fitzgerald's, and then Sir Gary asked why it should. "The Russians'll come in to keep the Germans west of Oder-Neisse: the West'll come in to drive the Iron Curtain back a little East-wards: the have-nations will demand troops from the have-nots in return for future hand-outs: and Asia'll wait till one side looks like winner, then she'll offer the help that clinches it. But there's still one thing that bothers me." "Yes, sir?" "We'll be handling armies total-ling anything up to fifteen million men - and some idiot, on one side or the other, might just be tempted to plan a joint attempt, when they all get here, to overrun us. We must keep the whiphand over everyone because a month or so from now we're going to be almost out-numbered right here in our own nest." To page 57 Continued from page 56 "I'll organise everything," Sir Gary promised. "You do that. And while you're at it organise me an electronics expert who'll do me a modification at Jacks' War Room." Taking out his notebook, Sir Gary asked what modification was re-quired. "Just an emergency one. But it occurs to me that even now we might still be the victims of a sneak attack which could wipe out Jacks or whoever else has authority to use the key in the War Room before We've retaliated. "What I want is an automatic device which, if no one has used the Supermyx key after that ghastly female's voice has repeated the target five hundred times, will activate the extrusion of the trans-mitter without the use of the key.* "Without the use of key - 500 times," Sir Gary wrote. "And if," continued the Prime Minister, "no one is present or able to press the relevant buttons on the extruder transmitter, once they've been activated, then, after a further one thousand repeats of the target, I want the activated buttons also to be operated auto-matically." "After further 1000 times, auto-matic firing," Sir Gary wrote. "The main thing is that modifi-cation on Jacks' War Room," said the P.M. "Quite simple, sir. Actually, of course, there's no reason why, in the case of an emergency, you shouldn't just operate the whole thing yourself from the cistern." "No!" Fitzgerald's shout was vehement. "The actual pressing of those buttons must either be done by someone as stupid as Jacks or by a totally insensitive machine." "But you yourself initiate . . ." "Initiate maybe. But do not press the finally activated buttons." "What's the time lag between when you initiate and someone else presses the buttons then?" "In the case of automatic activa-tion and destruction it would be at least one thousand five hundred repeats of the target name," Fitz-gerald equivocated. "Quite a time." AS he breakfasted with his wife next morning, Fitz-gerald was interrupted by Field Marshal Sir Alan Jacks. "You!" the Prime Minister ex-ploded - and then hid behind his copy of the morning paper. "Hello, Alan," Mrs. Fitzgerald smiled. "Sit down. Have you eaten?" "Morning, Karen. No, but . . ." "But he's not hungry," Fitzgerald declared. "And if he is, he can go and buy himself breakfast at the pub with some of his forty-eight dollars-a-day subsistence allowance for Field-Marshals." He turned on his disconsolate Minister for Defence and War. "What do you want any- way?" "That matter we left unfinished yesterday." "Matter? Don't know what you're talking about." "The, um, the photographs." Ah! 'Bludgerton' you mean?" At which Jacks looked shocked and cast sideways security glances at Mrs Fitzgerald. Observing them, the Prime Minister became even less amiable. "Don't be more of a fool than you must, Alan. My wife has heard and kept bigger secrets than you'll ever know. "She's even kept secrets about me from me to save me finding out that she knows what an idiot I can be. So if you come barging in here at breakfast time, say what you've got to say, and don't ask me to dismiss Karen. Now - you mentioned Photographs," holding out his hand. Flushing, Sir Alan passed him a large buff envelope, which Fitzgerald promptly decanted on to the table. THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RARBIT Pushing one print after another im-patiently aside, the Prime Minister flicked through the pile, and then turned very nastily to face the Field Marshal. "No one to be seen," he gritted. "Not a soul. And for that you ruin my breakfast and insult my wife." "Oh, Kev," his wife protested. "I'm sorry, P.M.," Jacks apolo-gised, "but there is something on two of those photographs." He fumbled through the prints until he found the two he wanted. "There," he said. Carefully, Fitzgerald examined each print, and compared them, one with the other, one held at arm's length in his right hand, one in his left. "I see nothing," he pronounced, dropping them back on the table. "Nothing but wild horses and cattle and sheep." "There," Jacks indicated, jabbing with a pencil. Fitzgerald peered more closely and Jacks passed him a powerful magnifying glass. "Look through that," he suggested. For perhaps a minute, peering intently at each photograph as it lay before him, the Prime Minister did so: then carefully laid the magnify-ing glass on top of the buff envelope, lifted his head, his chin jutting, and gazed blankly at a portrait of Ned Kelly, by Nolan, on the wall behind his wife. "What is it, Kev?" his wife asked gently, recognising at once this most desperate of his moods. He lowered his chin, swung his head slightly till it faced her, and allowed his eyes to focus on hers. As they focused, they filled with a kind of hurt bewilderment. "Rab-bits," he said. "Only two of them -but they're . . . they're as big as a fair-sized dog. Missed them first time I looked. Thought they were rocks. But they're rabbits." Karen Fitzgerald knew as well as her husband that "Bludgerton" had been atom mortared. "Mutations, I suppose," she said, calmly. "Look at the eyes," Jacks urged. Fitzgerald looked, then passed the magnifying glass to his wife, who now stood beside him. To page 58 "Is it a rabbit - or a possum?" she asked. "A rabbit," Jacks told her, "but with a nocturnal's eyes. These were the last two photographs the boys took, just when it was getting dark. Their helicopter was about fifteen feet up. Know what one of the lads said when he spotted those rabbits? Said they looked like sentries at stand-to at dawn." "But this is dusk," Fitzgerald objected. "Yes, dear," Karen got the point quickly, "which for nocturnals is what dawn is to us. You're right, Alan, they do look like sentries." "What do you mean by that?'' her husband asked. "That they're out there in the dusk to give the all clear. Under-neath, in the warrens, there'll be thousands more of them, all with eyes like possums and bodies as big as fair-sized dogs, waiting to be told to come out and play." "Right," said the Prime Minister, his voice crisp, "then we've no time to waste. They're probably all in-fected with Supermyx from that initial buck and doe that got away; 'Bludgerton's' got to be bombed again. Evacuate for twenty miles all round, Alan, and give it the works. "Mortars again - but attack in the first hour of darkness when the rabbits are all out in the open, 'playing,' as my wife so prettily puts it. Attack three nights in a row. Take aerial photographs each morn-ing to establish the number killed. Take aerial photographs each dusk for a month after bombing to see if any more 'sentries' appear. Under- stand?" "Yes, P.M." "No explanations, however, to anyone. And have a list of all the photographic section boys concerned with taking and developing and studying these prints sent to me. I'm afraid they'll all have to be certified - at least until this thing is brought under control." Thus, for a second time, "Blud-gerton" was bombed (its neighbors for twenty miles around being com-pelled to evacuate on the pretext that a new short range atomic shell was being tested) and its empty green paddocks were rendered once again sterile and black. Morning aerial photographs re- vealed the "shadows," on the bare cauterised earth, of just over eleven hundred corpses - mainly brumbies, cattle, and sheep, but including at least ninety-eight rabbits. Dusk photographs surprised no more "sentries" on any of the evenings in the month that followed the bombing. The operation was accepted as successful, and some hundred and sixty of the Air Force's Recon-naissance and Photographic Section were decertified and returned to duties. Their casualties had been heavy because of the necessity of putting away at once each man who realised the truth: but a generous issue of leave and decorations to all concerned ensured that there was no rancor and no careless talk. Meantime, as Fitzgerald had fore- cast, United Germany's planned war against Poland was rapidly snow- balling into World War III. One after another, ambassadors visited the Prime Minister, each in- sisting that his government regarded it as essential that Sir Gary should concede victory to his government's favorite. One after another, each Western government concerned made it clear that money would not be lacking to ensure United Germany's vic-tory. So did China. One after another the Iron Cur- tain countries, including Comrnunist Italy, promised Fitzgerald that the better to ensure Poland's inevitable victory over Germany, gold would flow in this war like vodka at a banquet after an unsuccessful sum- mit conference. As would men, and brains, and propaganda. For just as no government could survive without the power ploy, so (since the world had chosen to split into two camps) half the govern-ments of the world must perish un-less the other half were now proved liars and cheats and the prophets of a false religion. Then, in their hundred thousands. North Force and South Force be-gan to take up their positions and to manoeuvre for the advantage Each side made huge purchases of food and ammunition from the host nation, Australia, and each side grew daily more powerful. Yet neither seemed anxious ac- tually to join the other in hand to hand combat: and all the time the Desertion and Immigration office did a huge business. AFTER a month of inactivity, eighteen generals, repre-senting those nations on each side who had contributed no less than an Army Corps, paraded themselves to Sir Gary. They wished, they said, to fight this most important and modern of all wars with modern weapons. "You mean nuclear weapons?" Sir Gary accused. "Yes." "Out of the question. My Prime Minister has forbidden it - and anyway, you haven't got any to use." "Agreed. But Australia has. And we would all like to buy some from her and use them. We all feel that a war of such significance . . ." "The war to end wars," someone interrupted, and everyone else clapped him loudly. "...a war of such significance needs weapons of status... and such status is only conferred by mis- siles which are either nuclear or thermo-nuclear. We will offer you a thousand billion dollars in gold for each of vour missiles, and five hundred billion in gold for the re-lease to the British" (now Ger-many's staunch ally) "of those they hold on your behalf because of their special relationship with you." It was a lot of money. In fact, if Australia sold all her missiles, the sales would net her every last cent of the world's wealth. "I must see my Prime Minister, Sir Gary decided - and flew off post haste to Canberra. Confronted with the facts. Fitz-gerald had no difficulty in reaching a decision. Both North and South could buy nuclear bombs and mis-siles, he agreed, so long as they each bought an equal number and used them one at a time: and so long as they exploded them not on the battlefield, but on the long dis-used testing grounds of Christmas Island! " "What good will that do them?" Sir Gary demanded. "We will simulate exactly the conditions of the battle area when we explode their bombs for them on Christmas Island. We will esti-mate how many would have been killed and how many would have been wounded had the bomb been dropped in Central Australia, not on Christmas Island. "Then we will withdraw from the army that has been bombed that number of men. The 'dead' will be mide honorary migrants: the 'wounded' will be deemed captured in hospital and made prisoners of war." To page 66 "You're a superman," Sir Gary gasped, a mad gleam of hero-worship in his eyes, his hand, instead of saluting, reaching stiff-armed out-wards, its fingers extended, as if to touch his hero. Even the shoddiest politicians now made superb speeches; even the least determined soldiers pre-pared to fight like lions; and the Office of Desertion and Immigration suddenly did no business at all. Seven and a half million men on one side prepared to die rather than not defeat seven and a half million on the other side - the two sides, in view of the weapons about to be used by each upon the other, being now deeply dug-in some fifty miles apart. These weapons, having been sup-plied, the generals of both sides betook themselves to Christmas Island to watch the simulated effect Continued from page 58 of their bombs on each other's armies. And the armies themselves, thousands of miles away in the middle of Australia, found that they had nothing to kill but time. Then, however, the casualty lists began to roll in, and whole divisions at a time, being pronounced either decimated or annihilated, were with-drawn from the line in convoys of black-painted trucks. Of those divisions pronounced decimated, ninety per cent, were regarded as dead and became honorary New Australians, while the ten per cent, "survivors" became prisoners of war in Australian camps: of those divisions pronounced annihilated, a hundred per cent, having been told that they were THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT "dead," were at once offered the chance to rise again to serve a new and better country. In five days of tests on Christmas Island, every combatant in Aus-tralia was either "killed" or "wounded," except for a few hun-dred liberty men on each side who, their flights delayed by bad weather, returned to the firing line too late to be either decimated or anni-hilated. They, completely bemused by finding themselves with something like a hundred tanks, two hundred and twelve cannon and forty-five thousand rounds of assorted ammu-nition each (not to mention twenty three thousand gallons of gasoline, eight million dollars in bullion, and one thousand tons of food per man), at once fell into so deep a state of anxiety that each side stumbled blindly across 50 miles of no-man's land in a frantic attempt to sur-render unconditionally to the other. Sir Gary, who by then had re-turned to his War Management office in Alice Springs, accordingly declared that both sides had lost the war and that all participating nations, being guilty of acts of aggression against humanity, would pay reparations to Australia - which was already by far the richest coun-try in the world. Unfortunately, by the time of the third world payment of these repara-tions, no one could any longer buy any Australian wool, wheat, meat, or butter, and Australians like everyone else, began to starve. "Who do we dislike most in Parliament?" Fitzgerald then asked his Cabinet rhetorically, for he knew the answer, but wanted someone else to take the blame for giving it. "Bill the Dill." Hill and Jacks and their two ministerial colleagues shouted in chorus. "Then tell the world that Dill- berry Aid will now be showered upon it." Fitzgerald instructed, and ordered that the vaults under the Blue Mountains be opened and the gold inside distributed equally but wantonly in the name of William Dillberry to every one of the re-cently defeated powers of World War III. Overnight the world's factories sprang back to life; its imports gushed in, its exports poured out; everyone bought Australia's wool and wheat and meat and butter; and, without exception, all those people who had been saved from ruin, apparently at the instigation of one selfless man, grew to loathe the name William Dillberry. "The electorate must be given the opportunity to dissociate itself from the international odium that is attached to Dillberry Aid," Fitz-gerald then declared. "Bill the Dill, in 1999, has made Australians as unpopular as Marshall made the Yanks in the 'fifties. We'll hold an immediate election on the issue of 'No More Dillberry Aid.'" IT was useless, in the campaign period that followed, for the Leader of the Opposition to declare that Dillberry Aid had never been his idea or that he had never approved it: for three weeks after Fitzgerald had first ordered the Blue Mountain vaults to be opened, Dillberry had accepted mankind's hosannahs of praise and gratitude for the largesse distributed in his name with modest platitudes about its being a bloke's ditty to be magnanimous in victory - and now the electorate remembered it. "Magnanimous Bill," they re-christened him contemptuously, hat-ing him even more than did the two biggest recipients of his ap-parent generosity, Russia and the United States. "You drongo!" they sneered: for they could forgive neither the limit-less loathing he had brought upon them nor the endless gold he had taken from them. "You ape; you galah; you dill!" They voted accordingly; and Fitz-gerald returned to power with a majority of one hundred and twenty-two to nil. Every day for weeks the ticker-tape machines of the world's news agencies recorded fresh honors for Fitzgerald, fresh triumphs by Fitz-gerald. "The Architect of Victory," they called him; "The greatest Aus- tralian of our time." And amid all this excitement al- most no one watching the tape noticed a small, silly season sentence (jerkily proclaiming: "Rabbit as big as Alsatian shot by Sunday school teacher three miles north of Mudgee") before it was kicked on to the floor by the more newsworthy details of Fitzgerald's latest plan to permit euthanasia in the case of anyone older than seventy-five, and to make it compulsory for all, except ex-M.P.s, older than seventy-six. On the morning after the an-nouncement of this plan thousands of telegrams of approval were stacked all round Fitzgerald's desk. In the middle of the desk itself placed there by his secretary, who had an infallible eye for the trivial, was the agency news flash - dis-regarded by every paper in the land - about the Alsatian-sized Mudgee rabbit. Having read it. Fitzgerald ignored the sackfuls of telegrams. "Get me Field-Marshal Sir Alan Jacks and General Sir Gary Hill," he snapped into his intercom. "I have, sir, they're here," the infallible girl replied - and sent them into their Prime Minister. Fitzgerald flung the relevant few inches of ticker-tape across to Jacks. "Read that," he ordered. Jacks did so and then glumly passed the message to Hill, whose high com-plexion paled as he read the words To page 69 THE YEAR OF THE AHGRY RABBIT and remembered his father and how his father had died. "You failed me," Fitzgerald accused his Field-Marshal bitterly. "Twice I sent you to 'Bludgerton' to destroy rabbits and twice you failed me. Must I do everything myself? Can I trust no one?" "But one rabbit, Prime Minister," Jacks protested. Fitzgerald shook his head angrily. "More," he said. "'Many more. At 'Bludgerton.' My intuition tells me." Jacks opened his mouth to speak, but Fitzgerald saw him first. "Don't argue with me, he screamed, "I tell you I know! So go to 'Bludgerton.' Take Sir Gary with you." And all the men you want. And find those rabbits that I know there and destroy them utterly. Go." he ordered sullenly. "Go now. Both of you." BROODING, in the days that followed, whilst Jacks and Hill asembled their army, Fitzgerald grew more discontented than ever. "You will not retreat," he sent an order to "Bludgerton." "If necessary you will die in the warrens of the enemy." "Phew," commented Sir Gary as he read these words, "the old man's going off his nut." "That will do, General," rebuked the Field-Marshal. "He's as mad as a cut snake," Hill continued, ignoring his superior, "not to mention as a meat axe, a wheel, and a two bob watch. Let's get him certified." "Don't be ridiculous," snapped Sir Alan. "Only the sane can be certified nowadays and you know it. So let's look for these mythical rabbits of the P.M.'s before he certifies us for not finding any." "But we never will find any." "Oh, yes, we will," Jacks said. "Matter of fact, we shot and killed twenty last night." "We did not." "Maybe. But I told the P.M. we did in this morning's report, and how's he to know we didn't?" Unfortunately, Sir Alan misjudged his Prime Minister. As always. Fitz-gerald was interested not in proof of what people might not have done, but of what they had. "Send ears of rabbits shot," he radioed. "Carcases burnt," Jacks radioed back. "Of future rabbits shot," Fitz-gerald rejoined. "Suspect none survive," Jacks parried. "Certain thousands survive," Fitz-gerald declared, and added omi-nously: "Am consulting Feodor Golovin re your health this time tomorrow." "Go," said the Field-Marshal, beaten, to the general, "get out there and find me some rabbits." All day they looked for rabbits, and two thousand men of all ranks woked with them, but found none. Found no animals of any kind. "Thought this place was supposed to be teeming with brumbies, cattle, and sheep again," Hill complained. Just a rumor started by the de-contamination squad, I suppose. They didn't have an officer with them . . ." Hill said "Well - what now?" Keep a special lookout at dusk," Jacks ordered, remembering the photographs of the two "sentries" he had shown Fitzgerald a few months previously. But though the order was effectively promulgated and scrupulously obeyed, no rabbits were seen. "Use searchlights when darkness falls. Quick sweeps every twenty minutes. Nineteen minutes of dark-ness to each minute of searchlights." But though the searchlights sur-prised the night three times in the next hour, they surprised no rabbits: and when one of the searchlights abruptly fell, with its crew through To page 70 Continued from page 69 the rotten timbers of the lid to the well old Alfill had dug three years ago when looking for bore water, and finding oil, the Field-Marshal despaired. "Your old man might at least have marked the oil well with a flag or something," he complained to Sir Gary. "The oil company marked it with a derrick," Alfill's son retorted sar- castically. "Then where is it now ?" "Vanished, like everything else on 'Bludgerton' that was above ground level, in the first and second bomb-ings," Sir Gary replied. "Help!" came a hollow shout. "Help! Help!" Searchlights were switched on again and pointed in THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT the direction of the shout. Their rays converged over the now jagged mouth of the oil well. Men began to run toward the well. Jacks and Hill joined the stampede. "Stand back," Hill ordered and, lying down, peered into the dark-ness below. "A torch," he demanded. He was given a torch and shone it downwards. Ten feet below him, hanging by his fingers from one of the old horizontal timbers, was a corporal. And, seventeen feet below surface level, worrying the corporal's heavy boots, snapping and pawing at them, reaching out of a wide burrow in the well's wall to do so, was an enor- mous rabbit. As the torch light shafted down. the rabbit screwed its head savagely upwards, and then, its eyes glowing orange and baleful, froze. "A rope here, and someone who's a good shot to the other side of the well, quick!" Sir Gary ordered. He heard several men running and spoke to the corporal below him as they took up their positions. "Keep quite still, son; we'll have you out in a minute. Now you two over the other side... By the corporal's boots, a rabbit. I want it killed and knocked backwards into its burrow in one shot. Man farthest to the side of the corporal to shoot first. Aim now and fire indepen- dendy." Steadily his torch shone down into those baleful orange eyes, mutely the corporal clung to the oil-slimed horizontal beam, care-fully a soldier aimed, squeezed, and fired. Leaping upright, the rabbit stood on its hind legs in a burrow five feet tall and then collapsed backwards. "Rope!" Hill ordered. It was passed to him, and he made a slip-knot in it and lowered it swiftly as a sergeant beside him shone the torch. "Feet through the loop, Cor-poral," Hill urged. "Come on, you can do it." The corporal grunted, and his fingers slipped a little. But he looked down and hooked his right foot through the loop. "Now your other foot. No! Don't move your foot to the loop, take the loop to your foot. That's it. That's it. Good lad ..." At which the corporal's para-lysed fingers at last lost their grip and he plunged downwards. THE slip-knot jerked tight before more than half his body has passed through it - but momentum carried him, and the rope, and Sir Gary, on and down. Now the rope held the corporal, Sir Gary held the rope, and the ser-geant and three other men held Sir Gary - by the calves of his legs. For perhaps fifteen seconds of total shock this equilibrium was maintained, no one moving or speak-ing. Then, in a frenzy of activity, the general, the rope, and the cor-poral were all yanked out of the well. "Thank you, sir," gasped the corporal, his right arm still hang-ing into the well. "Brought this brute up with me, sir" - and, reaching his left arm downwards to join his right, he dragged out the corpse of an enormous rabbit. At once a dozen torches flashed their beams upon it - and a hundred-odd voices gasped. Not so much at the size of it as at its claws, which were two to three inches long, wickedly sharp and curved, and at its teeth, which were canine, and hardly the teeth of a herbivore. "That's no rabbit, mate," some-one called from the darkness, "that's a wolf!" They crowded closer to look at it. Then someone poked at the claws on its right forepaw with a rifle barrel. "Hey, look!" Wedged in the claws was a small tuft of wool, stained brown. Like one man they switched their eyes from the claws to the muzzle. The whiskers were drenched with blood. "So that's what's killed all the brumbies and cattle and sheep, Sir Gary muttered. "Rabbits! All right, Sergeant. Cut off the ears and give them to the Field-Marshal." "Send a message," the Field- Marshal ordered. "To the Prime Minister, Canberra. Ears following forthwith. Entrance to warren dis-covered in what was oil well. Will attack through it at dawn tomorrow. C-in-C, 'Bludgerton.' " For too long, though, this night, poor Sir Alan Jacks had been be- having rationally. Now he made his mistake. "Gary," he said, "those rabbits, or whatever they are, they can't stand light. Why don't we make sure they don't escape from from the entrance to their burrow by shining a searchlight down the well at night?" To page 71 Continued from page 70 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT Sir Gary thought a moment, then demurred. "Surely, sir," he pointed out, "an entrance is all it is?" "What do you mean?" "It's seventeen feet down the well, sir. And unnaturally wide at the mouth. I don't reckon rabbits exit side from it and jump up seventeen feet out of the well. I reckon they enter by it, jumping seventeen feet into it after they've fed all night, or if they're alarmed." "Where are their exits then? "I don't know, sir," Sir Gary ad- mitted, "but obviously closer to the surface, or easier to get out of, than seventeen feet down a well." "I still don't see any harn in keeping a light on the well all night," Sir Alan muttered peevishly \- and gave the order. And as the searing white light gouged its way into the five-foot burrow entrance, and more than a hundred yards along the burrow itself, a great sub-terranean movement began. It began with skulks of rabbits in the floodlit burrow moving back-wards, their eyes watering, until they reached side burrows of com- fortable darkness. But they did not stop there, nor did those they dis-turbed remain where they were. They, too, moved backwards, pur- posefully. THE older bucks, some of whom had lived through two atomic attacks, all of whom had known at least one, led the way. Through a thousand different tun-nels to concealed downward-facing exits under the overhang of the dried-out creek bed they led the way. Through hundreds of other bur-ows - to which were attached bunkers, off which lesser arteries again proliferated - they led the way to what had been the cellar of Ladyill's dream house; to holes that once had accommodated the hardwood uprights on which the shearing shed was supported; to holes, miles of them, which once a had housed the fencing posts of Sir or Alfreds magnificent rabbit-proof fence; to decayed craters that once had housed the roots of indomitable eucalypti - to all of these they led the way. But two separate atomic bom-bardments had burnt out cleanly (like teeth torn out of gums) all the hardwood uprights of the shearing shed, all the miles of fencing posts, all the water-searching roots of the eucalypti; and in the years that followed the bombardment, the rabbits had cunningly made use ol these holes as access to their bur-rows, skilfully exploiting man's destruction to conceal from him the fact that they, his hated enemy, still survived. Instinctively now, however, they knew that "Bludgerton" could no longer even conceal, still less pro-tect, them: so they were moving out. Most of the does were fat and heavy with the next generation of "Bludgerton's" rabbits, but they were to give birth elsewhere, because their bucks hustled them on. From under each sterile acre of what had once been a great pro-perty, moving along its innumerable deep-dug arteries, these grotesque nocturnals swarmed out into the darkness. Encountering two sentries and four sleeping men of Jacks' army they killed them so efficiently that not even a whimper was heard by others who lay nearby; and event-ually, led by a tough phalanx of three-year-olds, they took cover in scrubland seventy miles to the east, digging in swiftly (almost with terror) as the dawn sky reddened. When a sergeant reported on how he had taken two men to relieve sentries who were dead - this at 0200 hours - the first real shudder of panic gripped Field-Marshal Sir Alan Jacks' force on "Bludgerton." It gripped Sir Alan no less than his subordinates. "Parade everyone," he ordered Sir Gary. Hill passed on the order to his staff, who passed it to Brigade, who passed it to Battalion and Regimental Headquarters, who passed it to R.S.M.s. who shouted and screamed and lined everyone up neatly in the darkness, except the dead sentries and those other four who had been killed in their sleep. "Four dead killed in their sleep and two killed on duty," Sir Alan mused. "How many of these vile animals do you think it took to do that?" "Could've been six, could be only one," Sir Gary estimated. "Well, where'd they come from?" "I don't know, sir. Except it wasn't the well. The light's been on that all night, double-manned, and no one has seen a thing." "All right," Jacks nodded. "Get cylinders of gas up, lower com-pressed-air hoses to force the gas from the mouth right through the entire warren, and let me know when you're ready to attack." Just after dawn, Sir Gary ad-vised Sir Alan that all was ready. "All your men wearing respira- tors ?" "Yes, sir." "Right. Get your own on" - Sir Gary did so - "and as soon as I've got mine on, give 'em the signal to go." Sir Gary watched Sir Alan cramp his face into the respirator and begin, a trifle agitatedly, to breathe; then he gave the signal. To page 72 Continued from page 71 Compressed-air generators began to roar, brass valve-cocks on gas cylinders were turned and a heavy fog of chlorine was blasted through the warren. "Any of 'em try to get out ?" Sir Alan asked when the operation had been completed and the entire force had withdrawn forty miles to the south. "No, sir," replied Sir Gary, look-ing puzzled. "None." "Splendid. Then we got the lot. Signals!" A signals officer came running. "Message to the Prime Minister. 'Operation completed with only six casualties. Can confidently report complete success. C-in-C, 'Bludgerton.' " THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT "Casualties dead or wounded ?" Fitzgerald radioed back. "Dead," Jacks acknowledged la-conically, and felt brave because a campaign of his had actually cost lives. "Casualties to receive posthumous decorations," Fitzgerald instructed. "Are any of them officers?" "Of course not," Jacks retorted. "Will award one George Cross, one George Medal, and four E.D.s." "What's an E.D.?" Fitzgerald asked his secretary. "Efficiency Decoration," she told him. "And the Sydney Meteorologi-cal office have been trying to get on to you for over an hour." "I've been busy with Field-Marshal Sir Alan Jacks." I know, sir; but will you talk to them now? They say they think it's a matter of national importance." "Oh, all right," the Prime Minis-ter sighed, "put them on." He waited irritably, the receiver to his ear, and began talking. "Now look here, you people, you say you've got important things to tell me, but I've got important things to tell you. Why can we still not control rainfall on the inland side of the Great Dividing Range? What use is it being able to guaran-tee fine weather, or rain, or a cool southerly only on the coast, where it's not vital, when we can't turn on so much as one point of rain at will in the outback, where it is vital? . . . "What? You say that's not the point? I promise you, young fella it is! . . . What? . . . The seismo- graph ? . . . Well what's this seismo-graph of yours say?" "It says, sir," the voice from Sydney grated, "that there's been some sort of unheard of convulsion - earthquake, tidal waves, sub- oceanic movements, the lot - off South America." "So what?" "So the centre of it, sir, was dead under the Falkland Islands." "Get off the line," Fitzgerald snarled and hurled himself into action. A squadron of his four-thousand miles-an-hour bombers left Australia almost at once and radioed back their report two hours later. In spite of intensive search nothing could be seen of any of the Falkland Islands. They had vanished into the sea and the air above them was filthy with radiation. THE mystery lasted only a few more minutes, however, then a ham radio operator passed on to the police a message he had receeived four hours earlier. It had come from another ham, who said that he spoke from the Falkland Islands. The rest of the conver-sation the Australian had recorded verbatim. It went as follows: - "Quite a day for us, this is." "Why?" the Australian had asked. "We're testing a new device." "Are you scientists, then?" "What? Oh, yes. Well, physicists. We're the lot who've been banished, you know." "I heard something about it a couple of years ago. What sort of time have you had?" "Marvellous, old boy. Absolutely marvellous. Specially since the commando raids looking for old Ivor Welch." "Commando . . ?" "Well, you wouldn't under-stand that, maybe. The thing is that when their commando raids failed, the Great Powers tried to bribe us to hand Welch over to them by offering us all sorts of equipment. Cyclotrons and things, you know." "Not really." "Anyway, we built radios first -like this - and then contacted the Spaniards and the Argentinians." "Why them?" "Because they both want the Falklands ; and we told them we'd acknowledged Spanish and Argen-tinian joint sovereignty if they us a few things we needed." "And did they?" "Of course.*" "And did you?" "Acknowledge their joint sovereignty? Certainly not. Anyway, just after that the British and American fleets slapped a perman-ent blockade on us, so it seemed a bit silly to talk about sovereifnty. At least, it has done until today." "Why today?" "Today we're testing our new device. It's the biggest thing made. Absolutely tremendous. Makes Supermyx look silly. We're all mad with excitement. Tell you what, listen for me again in an hour and I'll tell you how it went." But an hour later - and ever since, in fact - no one from the Falkland Islands had spoken to the Australian ham, and now, at last lie wondered whether it was im- portant. To page 74 THE YEAR OF THE ANGRY RABBIT j Continued from page 72 "It appears," Fitzgerald commented later, at an after-noon Press conference, "that these incredible men, having illegally obtained all sorts of equipment they should never have been allowed to obtain, have contrived, pooling all their brains, to build a new device. And having built it, they today tested it - and blew the Falklands and them-selves to eternity. "Gentlemen, I am relieved to be able to announce not only that they died supremely happy, but also that, having died, they have entirely ridded the world of what is probably its worst peril, which is nuclear physicists. "On the other hand," he growled, his smile fading to bleakness, "let us not pretend for a second that Spain and the Argentine haven't both been very naughty! So, if you will excuse me a moment, I'll go and teach them that such breaches of international law can never be tolerated by the peace-loving people of Australia." With which he left the Press room, retired to his own very private lavatory and there pressed the letters C.I. He was halfway out of the door before a thought struck him. "Lieutenant," he inquired of the sullen subaltern sitting outside his office with the Supermyx code book clasped to his suspicious bosom. "What's CI. mean?" "Channel Islands, sir." "Oh dear," Fitzgerald giggled, "Whitehall'll be furi- ous! Tell me - what's the Canary Islands?" "C.I.2, sir." "Well." commented the Prime Minister philosophi-cally, "one never knows with these electronic things; it may work" - and darted back into his office, into his very private lavatory, and added the number 2. "Channel Islands . . . Chan-nel Islands . . . Canary Islands . . . Canary Islands ..." the weighing machine voice boomed out to granite walls and other machines. A trac-ing of the sound waves began to appear, which were re-corded by the oscilloscope and transmitted by the television camera to Field-Marshal Sir Alan Jacks' War Room and there electronically trans-lated into the woman's voice which the Field-Marshal so disliked. "Channel Islands to be destroyed," she brayed. "Channel Islands to be destroyed . . . Canary Islands to be - oh. make up your mind, please!" For about a minute she sulked, then: "Canary Islands to be destroyed . . . Canary Islands to be destroyed . . ." she shrilled over and over again. Because Sir Alan was not present in the War Room, but four hundred miles away at "Bludgerton," there was no one to ring the Prime Minister and ask him for his key: but Fitzgerald knew this, and was not worried. Rather, he was interested to see if General Sir Gary Hill had successfully modified the War Room equipment as promised; and curious to discover whether he himself had de-stroyed the Spanish Canary Islands or the English Chan-nel Islands or both. Unable to hear either the weighing machine voice in the Snowy Mountains, or the awful woman's voice in the War Room, he could only wait to discover which target in fact had died. Not that he was worried; merely curious. Five hundred Canary Islands to be destroyed later, the transmitter extruded it-self and unlocked the letters C. 1.2. which accordingly glowed with light. A thousand Canary Islands to be destroyed later again, an array of steel rods de-scended from above the key board to rest briefly an inch above the keys. Then the three rods above C and I. and 2 descended sharply and de-pressed the three illuminated keys. At which the awful woman's voice fell silent, the rods ascended, the transmit-ter withdrew itself into the wall - and the Canary Islands expired. They stopped broadcasting, they answered no telephone calls from the Australian Prime Minister's office; they were quite dead. Jersey, Guernsey. Alderney, and Sark. however, all answered telephone calls from Canberra with innocent pleasure: so obviously it was only the Canaries that had gone, which was perhaps. Fitzgerald told himself, as well. That night he slept well, as indeed he was entitled to. He had rid the world of war, poverty, the balance of power, and nuclear physicists, he had rid Australia of fear, instability, parliamentary opposition, and rabbits; and he had rid the War Room of the necessity of a Field-Marshal just to turn a key. His wife woke him up with a cup cf tea and a perfectly made-up face - both of which made him suspicious. "What's wrong?" "Drink your tea," she urged smiling. "There's something up, I know it," he said, sitting bolt upright - but sipping eagerly at his tea, because his mouth tasted horrible in the morn-ings since he'd taken to sleep- ing with his teeth in. "Come on, Karen. Why've you got your face on at this hour? What's gone wrong?" "Nothing, darling," she laughed and passed him a cablegram. "On the contrary, everything s marvellous; and I'm very proud of you." He read the cable quickly, looking only for disaster, and then, realising that there was no disaster, read it again, carefully, noting with mount- ing pleasure the succession of portentous phrases. "In return for your ser- vices to all mankind... a Statesman of Peace... for ending the Age of the Con-taminating Atom . . . Her Majesty . . . The Most Illus-trious Order of St. Patrick." "And now look at the ad- dress," Karen urged. Turning over the envelope, he read: "Sir Kevin Fitzgerald, K.P." Laughing excitedly, he kissed her. "I'm a bit proud of myself this morning," he admitted. "You know, since that awful investiture of poor old Alfill's. I honestly thought I'd never make it." "I always knew you would," Karen murmured as the telephone shrilled beside his bed. Fitzgerald grinned at her. "Press already, I suppose. Amazes me how they always find out.'' he said. "Can I say you're pleased?" she nodded. "Hello," he said. "Who?. . . McNab? . . . Ned Bludger-ton ?' . . . Who gave you this number? . . . Oh, the Field- Marshal did. did he? Well I'll have something to say to the Field-Marshal when... What? No! Oh! no . . . Just say that again, please... All right. Mr. McNab," heavily, "thank you for call-ing. And please tell the Field- Marshal to ring me immedi-ately." As he hung up, his face was creased and perplexed and on it was none of the joy that should suffuse the fea-tures of a newly created K.P. "Kev, what is it?" his wife asked. "This bloke McNab has lost thirty thousand sheep in one night. Nothing but bones and bits of fleece left, scat- tered all over his property." "Dingoes?" "How many dingoes," he jibed, "do you reckon you'd need to kill and eat thirty thousand sheep in one night? I'm getting up. I don't like this at all." (To be concluded) 