The Ombudsman In New Zealand By GEOFFREY SAWER : Professor of Law, Australian National University The first New Zealand Ombudsman, Sir Guy Powles, was ap pointed in October, 1962. This article, taken from Professor Sawer's new pamphlet on "Ombudsmen" published by the Melbourne University Press, describes briefly how Sir Guy has worked and what he has done. J N the discussions leading up to the pas sage of the New Zea land Act, it was gener ally agreed that the success of the experi ment would depend less on the precise details of the Act — though great care and labour was ex pended on the drafting — than on the person ality of the man chosen for the office. The Gov ernment chose Sir Guy Powles, who had al ready had three succes ful careers as lawyer, soldier and diplomat. He took office on Octo ber 1, 1962. In 1963 he visited Austra lia on the invitation of the Royal Institute of Public Ad ministration, and those who, like this writer, had the priv ilege of meeting him and heiaring him lecture and dis cuss his problems were left in no doubt as to the reason for his instantaneous success in New Zealand. Tolerant He combines an .intimate knowledge of his country's government and leading po litical and administrative per sonalities with a profound belief in freedom and democ racy; he is shrewd, tolerant, good-humoured, imbued with a sense .of the value and the limits of his office, and quite without vanity or self-im portance. It is likely enough that the institution would be accepted and operate success fully anywhere if its first in cumbent had these qualities. Hence it is not surprising that the doubting New Zealand Labour Party made not the abolition of the office but ex tension of its jurisdiction a plank at the general election in November 1963. During his first year of of fice, Sir Guy Powles received about eight hundred com plaints. He investigated about three hundred of these, • the remainder bein^ excluded from jurisdiction or declined on the discretionary grounds. He found that sixty-eight of the cases investigated de served remedial action; about a half of them were attended to . by the relevant depart ment or organisation as soon as he . suggested action, an other quarter required stronger pressure but were at tended to in a reasonable time to his satisfaction, and another quarter were past remedying as far as com plainant was concerned but recommendations to ensure more satisfactory perform ance in the future were ac cepted. No request was re fused and there was no oc casion to report a specific case to Prime Minister or Parliament. Staff His staff, in this period con sisted of three investigating officers (one a lawyer) and a typist, and the annual cost was about £N.Z.9,000. He considers' himself, a little under-employed as yet, and thinks that with an appropri ate expansion of the investi gating staff he could attend to the complaints of a popula tion of. about 10 million. (The population of New Zealand is million.) He sights every complaint himself and like his Scandinavian counterparts insists that personal attention of the Ombudsman at some stage . of all complaints is essential to the success of the office, though the Ombuds man's personal work can be much reduced by effective in vestigators sufficiently few to work under his constant supervision. ' He has found that a great deal of his contact with de partments and with complain ants can. be carried on by let Sir Guy Powles (er and by telephone, that relatively little travelling or inspection of the spot marked X is required, and that the essential thing is to be close to the main administrative headquarters of the govern ment. The only additional power he thinks advisable is a power, like that of the Dan ish Ombudsmz i, t^ direct legal action in appropriate cases. • In .his first report, Sir Guy mentioned twenty-six cases, of which the following raise interesting issues. An immi grant teacher had been brought, on. assisted passage from Engand under bond to remain in teaching for a period; before the period ran out, he claimed that he had been misled as to his pros pects and had been passed over for promotion because owing to religious objections he would not take part in school military cadet train I ing. The Ombudsman recom mended that he be allowed to return to England without enforcement of the bond, and this was done. (In Australia, grievances of immigrants, in cluding refusal to' admit per sons as immigrants or as visitors or deportation with out reasons given, have fre quently been advanced as oc casions for an Ombudsman.) Thei Commissioner for Taxes was owed a sum suf ficient to found bankruptcy proceedings, and the taxpayer was unable to pay the whole amount immediately, but was able to pay a large part of it; the Ombudsman recommen ded that the bankruptcy pro ceedings be withdrawn and time to pay the remainder given; and this was clone. (Anglo-Australian-New Zea land law has no effective gen eral principle about abuse of rights, whether private or public; action of this type could provide a substitute, at least for the administrative field.) The National Roads Board's engineers had put warning notices about a dan gerous subsidence not yet re paired on a main road, but they were so placed as not to be visible to a motorist who emerged on to the main road from a small side road be tween the notices, so that he drove into the subsidence and the vehicle suffered minor damage. The Ombuds man recommended an ex gratia . payment, which was made. Several cases concerned pension and superannuation questions, where . relevant authorities had taken an over strict view of conditions of entitlement and time limits for application, Or where ap plicants had been misled by ambiguous official documents. Questions •The New Zealand experi ment is as yet too young for all the sorts of questions to be answered which Austra lians might like to raise. For example, it would be inter esting to know whether there has been a falling-off in con tact between electors and members of Parliament whether the raising of in dividual grievances in Par liament has declined, and more broadly whether there is any feeling that responsible government has been under mined. No statistically sig nificant changes have occur red in matters which can be counted and it is difficult to measure "responsibility. But the Ombudsman does report that a number of his complainants' have been re ferred to him by members or Parliament, which is some in dication that they thought ins approach to department might be more productiv than their own. He has a.iso received complaints iro® lawyers, suggesting that xnJ did not scorn to by-pass tn law. It may even be that middle and lower r?"ks the civil service, still pro fessionally against him, become reconciled, on ground that he is creating work. At least one depart menl has asked for staff to deal exclusively JiW enquiries from the Ombuds man! 