FOR WOMEN PEOPLE, PARTIES... A BOUT 50 guests /"•'helped Miss Helen Miiselcy, right, cele brate her 21st birth day at a party given at their home in King ston by her parents, Lieut-Colonel and Mrs E. J. Moseley. Helen wore a pink de lustred dress with pctalled sleeves when she greeted Mr and Mr. John Burke Organising a spring dance . . . from left, Mrs J. Morrison, Mrs M. Charlesworth and Mrs C. Gillespie. and Miss Billy Burke, of Sydney, Captain and Mrs H. O'Flynn, of Melbourne, Mr and Mrs N. D. Rose, of Scone, and Miss Denise Clancy. Her sisters Vivienne and Jennifer helped with ar rangements for the party. \+ * * AT the Spring Supper Dance arranged by members of St Thomas Moore's School Auxiliary at the Ainslie Rex Hotel on Wednesday, October 27, the parents of 250 pupils of the school are expected to become better acquain ted. - Pictured below are com mittee members Mrs J. Morrison, Mrs M. Charles worth and Mrs C. Gillespie who have sent out invita tions to the party and are now accepting reservations. * * * AT a luncheon party to celebrate her recently announced engagement to Arthur Brcfwn, friends from the Department of Immigration presented Miss Jan Roles, below right, with a set of Danish sil verware. The lunch was arranged by Miss Janice McDermott. Jan, who is wearing a solitaire diamond on a gold band, is the daughter of Mrs J. Roles and the late Mr L. H. Roles, of Tar inga, Brisbane. Her fiance is the son of Mr and Mrs F. G. Brown, of Carss Park, New South Wales. They will make their home in Sydney after their wedding next year. Right: Making plans for a wedding in May . . . Miss Jan Roles. and M r Arthur Brown. Returning traveller . . . Miss Janice Moore, of Griffith. When the Anzac Memorial Chapel is opened at the Royal Military College, Duntroon, the communion rails and side chapels will be lined with hand- embroidered kneeling cushions bearing the red and gold cadet corps badge on scarlet or peacock blue backgrounds. Mrs A. B. Turner, right, and Mrs C. A. Warren are admiring one of the finished kneelers. Miss Helen Moseley cuts her 21st birthday cake.. National executives of the Pan Pacific and South-east Asia Women's Association who dis cussed last weekend the national conference to be held in Canberra in March 1966 were: left to right, treasurer, Miss Mary Doyle, Can berra; vice- president, Mrs A. Y. Moselle, SA; programme director, Mrs W. Buscombe, Can berra; national secretary, Miss Rose Gallagher, NSW; and the acting national president, Mrs Kate Burrows, MBE, NSW. The theme of the conference will be Problems of Extending International Co-operation in the PPSEAWA Area. 