I HISTORY OF I I SILVER j # Throughout history, silver collections have been highly valued as a symbol of wealth and power both by nations and individuals. But no work of art can be fully appreciated without some knowledge of the history of the craft to which it belongs. Since most silver available to the collector in Aus-tralia is English, this brief survey of major trends and styles in English silver smithing since medieval times will help beginners. MOST of thc greatest works in silver, in any period, were made for the Grown or the Church - especially from the seventh to the 11th centuries, when silversmiths reigned supreme in status over other artists. But, tragically, few examples of the work of this age still exist. The first date of importance to the present-day enthusiast is 1660. In that year the monarchy was re-stored in England, and with it a great demand among noble families for silver to replace what had been melted down during the Civil War to pay the troops of the two warring parties. The preceding 30 years had been a period of disaster for silversmiths. Puritan ideology of the Commonwealth (16*491660) had frowned upon any display of worldly goods, and any new pieces made during those years were thin and of poor quality. Dutch influence was most important in the style of silver made during the reign of Charles II (1660-1685) and James II (1685-1688). It featured architectural lines with heavily embossed floral decoration, often combined with bird and animal motifs, embossed acanthus leafage, and fleshy scrollwork. It was also during the reign of Charles II that the influence of the East began to affect English silver for the first time. This was the result of trade between England and India and the Far East through the East India Company, formed at the end of the 16th century. Through-out the 17th century there was a great vogue for Chinese patterns, as seen on the lacquered furniture and other imported pieces. The next step in the history of English silver is the Glorious Revolution of 1688. Although it brought with it a Dutch protestant, William of Orange, to the Eng- lish throne, the somewhat bourgeois Dutch influence began to diminish and was replaced by the highly aristocratic French taste. This was due to the immigration of French protestants (Huguenots), who fled to England to escape religious persecution after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685, which had granted them freedom of worship. There they set up in competition with the native craftsmen, and with their fashionable designs, new techniques, and cut prices made their presence felt. In short, they brought a new life to the sobering English silver. The silver of this period, known as QUEEN ANNE (1702-1714) - though it persisted during the reign of George I (1714-1727) - was functional in style and noted for its beauty of outline, skil-ful clear-cut moulding and faceting. Queen Anne silver is regarded by ex-perts as the most pleasing in the whole history of the art The more sumptuously decorated Queen Anne style (made by the Huguenot silver- smiths) eventually triumphed over the plainer Queen Anne work (made by the native craftsmen) and led to the next style in English silver, which was so absorbed with decoration that it threat- ened to ignore design and outline. From 1730 it was known as the ROCOCO style - and it ousted sym-metry, which had directed the design of silver for more than 100 years, with its new, undisciplined asymmetrical lines. The style came to England frewi France with Paul de Lam erie, a leading silversmith of his generation who had such an influence on the Rococo that it came to be known to many as the Lamerie style. An extravagantly decorative style, it sacrificed shape to ornament and was per-haps best displayed when cast and chased, although it was more often embossed. Typical decorative motifs were floral de-signs, scrollwork, masks, shells, pierced work, and "chinoiserie." The end of the Rococo period came in 1770. The style that succeeded it was the result of studies of classical art, through discoveries in the excavation of Herculaneum and Pompeii, begun during the preceding 30 years. The NEO-CLASSICAL style with its adaptation of ancient Greek and Roman design to modern need meant a break in the contemporary foreign influence which had previously played such a large part in the development of English silver. Among those who helped popularise it were the brothers Adam, although their in-fluence was indirect - through their archi- tectural work and Robert Adam's books on archaeology. They themselves were not silversmiths. The elegantly shaped Neo-classical silver was often decorated with floral swags and draped linen suspended between oval shields, fluting, rams' and lions' heads, medallions, and various types of acanthus leafage. However, by the end of the 18th cent-ury, the French influence had begun to assert itself once more. Under Napoleon French creative work was largely based on his sweeping military victories, and before long the light and elegant English manner gave way to a more monumental style, which became heavier as it increased its hold on English silversmiths. The period known as GEORGIAN is a long, transitional one, embracing the Rococo style, during the reigns of George I (1714-1727) and George II (1727-1760), to the Neo-Classical period, which ended with George Ill's reign, in 1810. In that year George III, who had occupied the throne since 1760, was de-clared insane. Government of the country was taken over by his son, under the title of Prince Regent. Silver of the period known as the REGENCY (1811-1820) is called after this prince. (He reigned as George IV, 1820-1830.) Regency silver was monumental and pompous in lines, and was weil suited for the ceremonial purposes for which it was intended. The modern collector would have more use for the finer earlier pieces, which were simply decorated with beading or ribbed borders, but which, as the period pro-gressed, gave way to massive naturalistic floral ornament. The chief exponent of the Regency style was Paul Storr, who made many pieces -for the Prince Regent (he ordered pieces EVOLUTION OF SPOON STYLES: 1: Elizabeth I, London 1584 (maker's mark is a mullet). Note "seal" finial, slender stem, and fig-shaped bowl. 2 and S: Queen Anne spoons, Edward Gibbons, London 1703. Note rat-tail bowl and trifid end. 4: George II spoon, 1752. 5: George III spoon, 1771. Note absolute simplicity of line. 6: George III, 1807. Note fiddle-shaped stem. 7: Victorian spoon, George Angeli, London 1841. Note shell and thread motif depicted in "king" pattern. each year, to add to a huge service he was gradually forming for State occasions) and executed other commissions for the royal goldsmiths, Rundell, Bridge and Rundell. Most Regency plate was cast from moulds taken from models. These models vere expensive, and if their production was to show a profit it was necessary to obtain repeat orders, which accounts for frequent repetition of design in the Eng-lish silver of this period. In 1830 the greatest era in English silver came to an end. With the death of George IV, imagination and vitality left the Regency style. Classical styles and the Rococo were reintroduced in the 'thirties, and combined with the greatest degree of incompatibility. The ornament of the past was unsuccessfully combined with the shapes of the day. By the 'forties, one new style did emerge - NATURALISM, in which the form, as well as the decoration, was often dictated by the name. The smaller earlier pieces were charming, but mid-Victorian exaggeration was to stimulate a wave of criticism. The style continued during the 'fifties, but was not highly regarded. With die invention of electroplating in the 1840s, and accelerated methods of mass production which led to inferior quality, the art of making silver as a craft was on the downhill. One school, led by the Arts and Crafts Movement, inspired by the ideas of Wil- liam Morris, believed a return to the simple methods of hand craftsmanship in small workshops was the only answer. The work of these silversmiths was amateurish in comparison with some con- temporary commercial firms and leading craftsmen of the previous century - but it was an important movement, partpolitical and part-philanthropic. It represented a determined rejection of machinery and the Industrial Revolu- tion, and an attempt to reinstate the dig-nity of the working man through the crafts. However, it wasn't long before many commercial firms realised the attraction of hand-made pieces, and began to adopt thc techniques of the Arts and Crafts Movement. These were then used to great effect by such firms as Liberty's in the production of silver during the continental-inspired ART NOUVEAU style of the late 19th century. Nowadays most silver is mass-produced (with the exception of individual silver-smiths' work commissioned, for example, by the Goldsmiths Company or firms such as Aspreys of Bond Street). But it is still of sterling quality and is assayed in Eng-land in the same manner as it has been for centuries. Among the best known of the moderns is perhaps Danish-born Georg Jensen (see page 16), whose work, remarkable for its simplicity and functional design, will one day, no doubt, be cherished by antique collectors. 