Now George Ralph's dreams of mustering cattle one day are a Jittle more real. George, 12, will cele brate Christmas this year in the Lady Lawley Home at Cottesloe in Western Australia, a long way from his home at the Lombadina Mission, in the State's north west. Sister Patricia Stevenson brought back the drover's hat for George from a trip to Fitzroy Cross ing, and it is obvious George is delighted. Canberra gains H0 # ^ £ 65 citizens Sixty-five people received llieir "besl-ever Christmas cards" — tlieir naturalisation certificates —- at the Play house in the Canberra Theatre Centre last night. The chairman of the ACT Good Neighbour Council, Mr J. R. Paget, told the groups, 'These arc the best Christmas cards you could get, and Can berra also has won itself a Christmas present: 65 new citizens." The naturalisation cere mony, the first held in the new hall, helped to mark Good Neighbour Week, Nineteen nationalities were represented — Aus trian, Bulgarian, Czecho slovak, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Lebanese, Norweigan, Polish, Portuguese, Rus sian, Spanish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav. Mr Paget said the Good Neighbour movement began in the Albert Hall 16 years ago. National costume The chairman of the ACT Advisory Council. Mr J. H. Pead. who presented a cer tificate and a Bible to each migrant, said 47 previous naturalisation ceremonies had been held — all in the Albert Hall. Mrs I. Robinson sings solo with backing from the staff choir at David Jones' Canberra store. The picture was taken during the final rehearsal for Christmas carols sessions which began yesterday. The Bibles, on which migrants look the oath of allegiance, were presented iby the Roman Catholic Church and the British and Foreign Bible Society. Each woman received a posy (from the St Patrick's Catholic Womcns League. The Latvian choir of 27 in national costume sang. Dr M. G. Mackay, MP. (Lib, ;NSW) of the Govern ment' Members' Immigra tion Committee, welcomed candidates. The Member for, the ACT, Mr J. R. Fraser. said contributions by migrants had helped to form the Australian way o£ life. Debate .on tonight* A debate will take place at the Red • CVoss House auditorium this evening as another phase of Good Neighbour Week. The subject will be "That the migrant has done more for Australia than Australia has done for the migrant." Organised by the Can berra branch of the Aus tralian Debating Union in association with the Good Neighbour Council, the de bate will have six speak ers. Speaking for the motion will be Mr D. Wadham, Mr N. Haine, and Mr M. Moore- Wilton.' The oppos ing team is Mr M. Sandor, Mr R. Miller, and Mr R. Howard. When the debate ends members of the audience will be able to put ques tions. 