A.C.T.Good Neighbours arouse interest u p OO DW I LL ^ Creates Good Neighbours" was the theme of the A.C.T. Good Neighbour Week in Canberra last month. The week, which was organised by the A.C.T. Good Neighbour Council to promote public interest in its work, attracted wide publicity. It included an international concert in the new Canberra Theatre, church messages, a naturalization ceremony, a public debate, a film night, sports and displays of pamphlets and photographs. Seventy people became citizens in the naturalization ceremony held in the Playhouse, Canberra Theatre Centre. They represented 19 nationalities — Austrian, Bulgarian, Czechoslovak, Danish, Dutch, Estonian, Finnish, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Lebanese, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, Ukrainian and Yugoslav. Among them were 14 married couples and ten children under 16 who became citizens because of their parents' naturalization. The council also organized two parties for new settlers, one to meet new arrivals in Canberra and the other a "Getting To Know You" party. In a special message for the week, the Minister for Immigration, Mr. Opperman, said: "The A.C.T. Good Neighbour Council's initiative in promoting this campaign has given a lead to its bigger counterparts in the State capitals. "We all know how important it is that new settlers find happiness and friendship as quickly as possible in Australia," he added. "But this is often overlooked in the busy lives of the general public. "Therefore the Good Neighbour Council's efforts to promote its work publicly will be of great value. "Helping new settlers is only part of Good Neighbour's job. Another big responsibility is to ensure that all Australians are aware of the needs of integration. "If the success of Australia's immigration programme is to continue, the groundwork must be laid in this country. "We must continue to make Australia a better place for migrants—a place in which they will want to stay and a place to which they will want to bring their friends and relatives." 