Alien call-up is defended and queried again The Prime Minister, Mr Holt, and the Minister for Immigration, Mr Opperman, de fended yesterday the decision to call up alien youths for national service. Mr Holt said: "I believe (he arrangements made do represent a fair, satisfactory and acceptable solution to (he problem". Mr Oppcrman said he be lieved that aliens serving alongside Australians would strengthen the unity of the country. However, a spokesman for the Italian Embassy in Canberra said the conscrip tion of youths would be the major problem in negotiat ing a new migration agree ment with Australia. Manifestly unfair An Immigration Depart ment spokesman said about 4.000 aliens would have to register each year for national service. Mr Opperman said that the large proportion of migrants in Australia per manently should-share • the obligations of the whole :ommunity. "It would be manifestly unfair if such a large pro portion of the people liv ing in Australia should not Face the responsibilities of a situation which confronts us all", he said. In Adelaide this week the senior lecturer in law at :he University of Adelaide, Mr Ivan Shearer, said many :ountries had treaties with jach other, mostly of a jommercial nature, in which hey expressly agreed not to :onscript each other's nationals for military ser vice. An agreement of that <ind between Italy and Aus ralia lapsed when hostilities ivere proclaimed in 1940, snd was never revived. A :rcaty with Greece lapsed in 1913. "However, in the case of it least three countries — Peru, Venezuela and Den nark — Australia has treat ies under which she still specifically renounces her 'ight to conscript th e s e :ountries' nationals. I do lot see how we could leg ally conscript them at the noment". One had to assume, how ever, he said that the Aus tralian Government had examined the provisions of its explicit international treaty obligations very care fully before moving. The latest official figures showed that more than 2,000 Danish nationals lived in Australia. 