SATURDAY FEATURES AND BOOK REVIEWS This week the Minister for Health, Dr Forbes, announced a six-month reprieve for imported unpasteurised cheese. But when the amended quarantine regulations are finally adopted will it still be a case of ... HARD CHEESE FOR ALL OF US? By JOHN RITCHIE ?» QUEEN Victoria must have been amused by the wedding present sent her by the loyal farmers of Pennard, . Somersetshire, in 1840: . a cheddar cheese more than 9ft in girth, 20in thick and weighing Ucwt. Her Majesty graciously ac cepted the gift but, possibly 'not being a great cheese fancier and to avoid demolishing the wall of (he Royal pantry, she approved the idea that the giant cheddar - fruit of the udders of 750 cows - should be put on exhibition. When Ihe show was over, Victoria declined to receive ' the monsler, which became a Ward of Chancery. Jt finally disappeared and, according to Andre Simon's Guide to Good Food and Wine, has never been heard of to this day. If it does turn up, it had better not do so in Australia in six months' time . because that biggest cheddar ever made was born of un pasteurised milk and will there fore be a prohibited im migrant. Cheese makers of many countries were united this week in bitter condemnation of the alleged injury dealt them by the Commonwealth Depart ment of Health on the advice of the National Health and Medical Research Council. In order to protect us from the remote possibility of in gesting a species of brucellosis bug along with our nibble of favourite imported, the author-' ities proposed quarantine requirements so stringent that cheese importers feared they would be out of business be fore you could say Port-Salut Abbaye d'Orval. Among Canberra cheese vendors and gourmets con fusion was rife as to what the whole thing was about. Would the new regulations ruin business? What if chccses not known to be pasteurised are in fact pasteurised? If pasteurised, then arc they pas teurised in the way the Depart ment of Health requires them to be? Alarms. Doubts. Fears. Anger. Disgust. Do the good monks of the Monastery of Port du Salut, with their brother Trappists of other monasteries pasteurise or not? Are the virtuous whole milk cheescs of Banjaluka, Briqucbec, Citeaux. Echourg nac, Harze, Mont-dcs-Cats, Tamie and Sainte Anne d'Auray to become sinners in the hygienic eyes of Australians? And what about those poor peasant farmers of the village of Gorgonzola and wider areas Moiiuuicul at CaiiiL'iubert erected J)y the farmers of Norviamiy to h on o 11 r Madame Hard, creator of Cameittbert chccse. of Pavia and Cremona - small men who pooled the milk from their few cows and sold it to the bigger men who had the capital and plant for bulk maturation. Would I he far-reaching consequences of our hygiene laws throw them out of work, while their unmilked cows moo mourn fully? It is true, of course, that some exotic fromages-du-pays are made by methods which, however time-honoured in their own countries, would not pass muster in our stainless steel, ceramic tiled, brucellosis and blowfly-proofed Australian cheese foundries. One such creation (not on Dr Forbes' list, for it is made in very small quantities and in any case is not for export be cause it does noi travel well) is n sharply succulent camel's milk cheese made by the keeper of a caravanserai in the searing-hot wastes of the Nubian Desert, about 40 miles north of the Sudanese port of Halaib, on the Red Sea coast. Debilitated after his ship was wrecked nearby, a mariner was nourished back to health in three days by this whole some and delicious cheese. The secret of its success lay in one ingredient - camel urine. Brucellosis or not, the writer is here to tell the tale. If Allah had intended cheese to be pas teurised would he not, by the Beard of the Prophet, have pasteurised it? Cheese has been with us since the first nomad stored his milk overnight in a calf stomach sac and woke up in the morning to find he had discovered rennet and invented cottage cheese (the cottage came later). The Sudanese Samaritan of a decade ago probably made his camel's milk cheese to the same recipe as that used by the patient Job of the Old Testa ment. As well as 7,000 sheep, 1,000 cattle and 500 she-asses (superb cheese providers), Job had 3,000 camels until the Chaldeans rustled them. Job complained to his comforter Bildad: "Hast thou not poured me out as milk, and curdled me like cheese?" As with its inseparable com panion, wine, cheese has been eulogised down the centuries. Omar Khayyam must have had some under the bough along with his loaf, flask and book of verse. Did he leave cheese out to avoid spoiling the metre? Ten years after Queen Victoria's giant cheddar affair, Robert Louis Stevenson was born to immortalise parmesan in his Treasure Island. Jim Hawkins comes upon the castaway Bcnn Gunn, who complains: "... mate, my heart is sore for Christian diet. You mightn't happen to have a piece of cheese about you, now? No? Well, many's the long night I've dreamed of cheese - toasted, mostly ..." Hard cheese for Ben Gunn \- about the hardest cheese of all is parmesan, and one of the most interesting, since offhand we know of no other cheese which occasionally undergoes caesostectomy under the skilled hands of eminent Lombard and Romagnese cheese-sur geons. Although the parmesan may live to the ripe old age of 20 years, it has a delicate childhood. During the four year maturation period it may contract a microbic disease which causes abscesses in its firm flesh. Second opinions are sought, and the surgeons "go in". The dermis is sounded with a stethescope hammer; when the abscess is detected the chccse is opened, the tumour removed and (he wound cauterised with a hot iron: No wonder the Italian cheese vendor snorted when I mentioned pasteurisation. "We are specialists, not general practitioners, signor". The new quarantine regu lations would seem at best a blow and an insult to overseas makers of fine chceses; at worst they may still bring about a gastronomic disaster for Australians, whose taste has been sophisticated by the wide , and excellent variety of imported cheeses, most of which appear not to be pasteurised. The cheese buyer of a major Canberra delicatessen looked glumly over a range of of 67 varieties of the 80 to 100 she is accustomed to handling. She found it hard to imagine what her shelves would be like after the "disaster". "My cus tomers have asked me what shall they do for cheese. I cannot tell them. Australia makes good cheeses, but not enough. "Up to now you could have asked me for the rarest and least-known cheese from any where in the world, and 1 would have done my best to get it for you. Now what? "We. sell a lot of Australian cheddar - good cheese - but people, more so in Canberra than in Melbourne or Sydney, want to have their choice and are happy to pay the extra for it. "Australia tried to match the quality of New Zealand Epicure but never got near the mark - we sell the Australian version as 'tasty' cheese. With out a doubt, if this quarantine business comcs off, progress of domestic chcesemaking will be retarded by reduced com petition - and inspiration". "Some of these imported cheeses are already pasteurised \- most, I think not. Here is Greek fetta, there is some Nor wegian gcjost, of goat and cow's milk. We have all kinds - Italian pecorino with whole peppers, French la fine bouche, made of goat's ' milk, Finnish gruyere, Danish havarti; Roquefort, Erbo, bel paese, French la grappe made with wine. Those Danish saint paulin and mynster there are marked pasteurised ..." The general manager of the store said: "To my knowledge there has been no instance under the present Department of Health regulations in which an imported cheese has not beefi up to standard. In three and-a-half years of operation here wc have not had a single complaint of any kind from a customer - and we sell about 1,0001b of imported chcese a week, lots of it in 4oz quantities". Summary by a New Aus tralian Greek cheese seller: "Hygiene? Who do they think we are? Hygiene is a Greek word - we invented it long before we invented fetta". A Canberra hotelier "ex pccted to get by with the fine range of Australian cheeses already available" but regretted the many imported varieties - "I have a list of more than 300" - which might be lost to him. "Brie, Caniembert, Stcinbuscher Kase, Roquefort . . . . T don't think they make those in Australia." The vicc-prcsident of Can berra Wine and Food Club, Mr Edgar Riek, felt that the more he heard of the new quarantine regulations the more curious the whole affair appeared. "Bovine brucellosis is al ready common in Australia - it causes abortion in cows - and people are still drinking unpasteurised milk without any qualms. Anyway, none of the bacilli that have been described will persist long over the maturing period of a cheese. "Australia, too, has a much higher incidcnce of tuber culosis in dairy herds than the premier chccse - producing countries of Europe. District for district, herd-testing is on a much higher level there. Most dairy herds are, in fact, TB-free". He felt (hat the classic cheeses of Europe could not stand unchanged if pasteurised \- "and if the cheese industry in Australia is ever to be as good, it must eventually run into the same problem". All may not be lost, how ever. The cheese connoisseurs of a continental food! emporium were united: "The Australian Government will; never get away with this Europe will not tolerate itv Australia cannot even sell its apples in England, and it tells others how to make cheese? We are 100 per cent against this silly business. -,: "We already sell pasteurised imported cheeses, but they are not. so popular. Fifty-two kinds of imported cheese we have and no-one has been poisoned yet. In Europe, fish poisoning, meat poisoning, yes; but cheese poisoning? We have never heard of it. We laugh!" Amid the jocularity comes the bitter clincher: "When _I_. became an Australian citizen, a Federal Cabinet Minister stood up at the naturalisation ceremony here in Canberra and said: 'If you New Austra lians had not brought. your foods to us. we would still be eating peas and chops, chops and peas'. "Maybe now we go back to chops and peas and pasteurised processed cheese . . . . " An exaggeration, of course; but then, the proposed new quarantine laws appear to many to be somewhat exaggerated. 