Whose way of life ? By the Minister for Immigration, the Hon. B. M. Snedden, Q.C., M.P. How many is two million ? How many people make a way of life ? Two million people—about as many as have migrated to Australia since ] 945—would make a city nearly as big as Melbourne. Two million people is six times as many as Athens had, including slaves, at the time off the Peloponnesian Wars. Two million people made up the population of England at about the time of the Norman Conquest and is 400 times the number Duke William needed to make the conquest. Two million people, born overseas and injected into the mainstream of Australian life during the past 20 years, have enriched the whole nation. As Australians have found, people make a culture and culture as a concept is a vibrant lorce in the changing pattern of society. Who, if he bad been lost for 20 years and was returning to Australia today, would not be astounded at the change? First impressions, of course, would be on the eye: more people, taller buildings, wider oads, faster transport— a change of pace. These things perhaps were implicit in the peace- time boom from which most of the world has benefited. But the mood also has changed. Australians are not as introspective as they once were; they are looking out at a widening world and profiting from the experience. Much of what is new in the Australia of today has been grafted upon the body of the country by the two million and more people who have settled here since 1945. These new settlers, though most of them have come from Britain, the original fount of Australian stock, were drawn from 39 countries and from the diversity of backgrounds :hat that implies. Here they have blended together with the Australianborn to form a homogeneous society. This experience of Australia has been unique. Other countries in the past have absorbed large numbers of alien people: the Romans, for example, by slavery and conquest; the United States by offering a freedom that was unattainable elsewhere. No country has absorbed as many people in so short a time as Australia has done. And no country has managed as successfully as Australia to overcome the problems implicit in large-scale immigration. The people who have come here to make new homes have found that for the most part they were welcomed because they were needed. They have learnt much but they have not been slow to teach and to find ready acceptance for their ideas. Partly because he can see his origins in different centres of culture—from Vienna, Paris and Warsaw as well as London and Dublin—the Australian citizen of today is a new man. Under the influence of artists like Stanislaus Rapotek, the former Yugoslav who won the Blake Prize for religious art in 1961, Louis Kahan, an Austrian-born winner of the Archibald Prize, or Tibor Paul, the former Hungarian conductor, the cultural climate of Australia has changed. Much of our artistic and cultural life is enriched by the Australian Elizabethan Theatre Trust under the direction of Stefan Haag, Austrian-born and a former member of the Vienna Boys' Choir. Art traditionally mirrors life. This new direction in the arts, the highest rung on the cultural ladder, is symptomatic of profound changes at the bottom. In Sydney, 1,000 members of the All Nations Club represent 32 different nationalities. Throughout Australia, there are Italian Clubs, Greek Clubs, Maltese Clubs, even a club called the Polish Philatelic Society of Australia. At this level, the post-war migrant has transformed Australia. The Australian now eats different foods, drinks new beverages, dresses differently, enjoys his leisure differently and, inevitably, thinks differently. Australians still drink more beer than any other people, except the Belgians. But they export only about 2 million of the 38 million gallons. of wine they make each year and import other wines as well. In addition, Australians are drinking slivovitz, schnapps, vodka and pernod in quantities far beyond their pre-immigration demands. Steak may still pass as the Australian national dish but Australians are less reluctant to try new foods. Their palates are accustomed now to rye bread, vermicelli, liverwurst, shaslik, Danish pastry, olive oil and soya beans. They are reading newspapers locally-produced and printed in a score of languages, watching soccer, playing baseball, learning European rather than British history in their schools. They sit through thousands of feet of sub-titled films in foreign languages, keep a rash of 'little theatres' in comfortable business and sometimes prefer Strauss to 'Waltzing Matilda 1 . Migrants have brought withj them centuries of tradition andj woven it into the fabric oil Australian life. j This process of change was underlined dramatically when last year Poles in Australia chose to celebrate the millenium of Christianity in Poland by a significant gesture. They presented a collection of books in Polish and abom Poland to the Australian National University in the hope it would form the basis of a library for a proposed school of Polish studies. In common with othet migrant communities thev were eager to make Australia part of the history of their former country. As Dr J. Zubrzycki, who came from Poland and is a lecturer at the A.N.U., said when making the gift on behalf of the Polish community: 'The contribution of Polish settlers has not been restricted to the development of Aus tralia's economy. 'Increasingly the Poles have played a part in the cultural! life of the country—this is a sign of maturity in the evolution of a community.' None of this means thai! distinctive features of the Australian character have been g undermined; on the contrary, those features have beeD reinforced and invigorated by new ideas. Australians remain pre dominantly British in character and origin since 90 per cent of all Australians today are of British descent. The changes noted have been those of true integration, not those of assimilation nor of change forced from outside influences. This is not surprising: history has well prepared Australians to be receptive to innovation. The first settlers, after all, were the first migrants. 