? The forthcoming Festival of Perth, for the first time, will be held in collaboration with the Adelaide, Auckland and Christ church Festivals. As a result, the 1968 Festival of Perth will present some of the world's leading artists and films. From Germany comes the lovely and celebrated coloratura soprano Rita Streich, who will present one memorable lietier'. recital in Winthrop Hall. Rita Streich has performed in every major Opera House in Europe and America and in 1963 received the Ninon Vallin Prize for the quality of her recorded performances. From France comes the Jacques Loussier (Play Bach) Trio a jazz combination which specialises in the music of J S Bach Some notable French films will also contribute to the Festival programme - La Vie de Chateau, a comedy of what might have happened on D-Day in World War 11 had not two lovers in the Resistance made up their quarrel, and The War is Over, Alain Resnais' latest film success. The Jugoslavian contribution will be through the world-famous ensemble of the thirteen best musicians of the Zagreb Radio- Television Orchestra. Un der its conductor - soloist, Antonio Janigro, the ensemble has performed at every major European Festival. From. Great Britain, the Festival will present Gillian Weir, a brilliant young organist who has already won international acclaim for the extent of her repertoire and the quality of her musicianship. A brilliant selection of British films includes Romeo and Juliet, starring the incomparable Dame Margot Fonteyn (pictured be- low) and Rudolph Nureyev, in full colour, with the Royal Bal let Company and the Royal Opera House Orchestra. Three other British film triumphs are Marat/Sade, a play within a play, set in the grim Charenton Asylum, and performed by the Royal S h a kespeare Company directed by Peter Brook; Accident, with screenplay by Harold Pinter; and Cul-de-sac, directed by Polanski A Sinhalese film of some interest is Gamperaliya, which has won several major awards. From Satjajit Ray comes the Indian film Char u 1 a t a, and there will be two outstanding Italian films — Red Desert and The Gospel According to St. Matthew. The Lucero Tena Company of flamenco dancers and Castanet players from Madrid will be making their first Australian appearance during the Festival. Scandinavian art and film invariably provide a major feature of the Festival and 1968 will be the best yet. The Danish film Crazy Paradise is a rth internationals' zany, ribald tale of politics and f aphrodisiacs; from Sweden is Ingmar Bergman's twenty-seventh film, Persona, and also from Sweden the breath-taking Dear John. A highlight of the Festival will be Design in Scan danavia, an exhibition of 1,000 items of design. The Australian contribution to the Festival will also be not able. The New Zealand pianist Peter Cooper will return for one concert in Winthrop Hall. Philip Parisons will direct a joint production of Shakespears Richard III in the New Fortune Theatre and Patch Theatre has selected Moon on a Rainbow Shawl, to be directed by Harold Walsh with the leading role played by Nita Pannell. One of Australia's most disting uished 'little theatres,' the St. Martin's Theatre from Melbourne will present the Australian play Halloran's Little Boat and Charles Dyer's play Staircase. The visual arts will feature a retrospective exhibition of paintings by Sidney Nolan and an exhibition by seven West Australian painters. The major literary attraction will be the appearances of Judith Wright in lunch-hour lectures at the Playhouse Theatre, and a special evening program in St. Gorge's College quadrangle. The chief music course at the Festival Banquet will be Susanna's Secret, an amusing opera by Wolf- Ferrari, perform ed by leading West Australian singers. The Australian Broadcasting Commission will present two rrmrprtc concerts in the ihp Snmprvillp. Somerville Audi ! torium under the baton of Henry Krips. In the Supreme Court Gardens on four consecutive Sunday evenings there will be music for the people, and these programmes will follow the pal tern of those presented success fully in the 1967 Festival. The series will provide for massed bands and 'pop' music, and the occasion of Immigration Sunday will be of special interest, as groups representing various nationalities will stage a medley of songs, music and dances of the respective lands of their birth. These programmes are sponsored by the R. & 1\. Bank. The Festival of Perth will run from 3rd February until 9th March, 1968. Pictured above is a dancer of the Lucero Tena Company of Madrid who will be making their first Australian appearance during the Festival of Perth. They will stay in Perth for a brief six days before moving on to the Adelaide Festival. 