VISITING WRITER SAYS: 'More chances for Poles in Australia' A USTRALIA held greater opportunities for a large pool of expatriate Poles now living in Europe, Polish writer, Mr Jerzy Dzialak, said in Canberra recently. Mr Dzialak, who is in Australia at the invitation of the Department of Immigration, is collecting material for articles on immigration and for a book on Australia. Mr Dzialak said that many Poles would rather migrate to Australia than stay in Europe. They were a potential source of migrants for Australia. 'A man who comes to the West—a refugee—wants to get settled as soon as possible and start a new life,' he said. 'An average migrant can make his way here in one year, compared with two or three years to achieve as much in Europe,' Attracted by Australia's 'pleasant, peaceful life', Mr Dzialak is now considering migrating to Australia himself. He has lived in Paris since he left Poland in 1966. 'You get to the point where you want to settle,' he said. I like Australians, and you have a very happy Polish community here—much happier than anywhere else I have seen. 'I have not yet met a Pole in Australia who has not told me that I must come and live here,' he said. In Europe, Mr Dzialak writes for a number of French, West German, Danish, Swiss and other European newspapers and magazines u" Flemming. pen-name of George d e r t h e Mr Dzialak said he was extremely impressed with the Good Neighbour movement. He said, 'It is unique. I have never seen anything like it in any of the other countries with large migration programmes. I am going to write much about it.' [A spokesman for the Department of Immigration said that the Australian Government was very happy to consider expatriate Poles as prospective migrants. In some cases, they could be granted assisted passages. Prospective settlers could apply to any of the Australian Government posts overseas, he said. The spokesman said it was not always easy for Poles living in Poland to come to Australia. Although they were being nominated by residents in Australia at the rate of 100 a month, arrivals of Polish-born migrants from all sources in 1966-67 totalled only half that number. This was because migration from Poland depended upon the co-operation of the Polish Government.] MR DZIALAK 