A HELL TRIP from HONG KONG TO DARWIN TRAVELLER'S TALE PICTURESQUE FISHING JUNK, one ot hundreds Mr. and Mrs. Edwards sighted 20 miles off the coast of Red China. In two hours' watching they counted 294. Only a few sails were orange; most were grey with age. KEELUNG HARBOR, the ship's first port in Taiwan. Buses run from here to Teipei, the capital. "Keelung is a picturesque town with few cars, but many pushbikes and bullock wagons," says Mrs. Edwards. CITY SQUARE in Chung Shang. In small Taiwan towns people gathered in the streets to watch the two Australians. Few Westerners visit here. JOHN and I boarded the Chinese tramp at Hong Kong. It was to take us home, via Taiwan ( Formosa ), to Darwin. We were met by the second-officer. With a big smile, he told us we had been given the best suite, with private bath. The main room was 12ft. x 10ft. with four windows, only one of them opening. In one corner was a large writing-desk with cupboards each side of it; curving around the corner of the room was a lounge, finishing at a wardrobe in the corner, with another cupboard in be-tween the main door and the door to the bedroom. There was a table in front of the lounge and an armchair; in the bedroom was one chair, one sofa, and ONE bunk. The private bathroom opening off the bedroom consisted of the usual bath, with a shower, toilet, and handbasin. It must have been very elegant once, but, oh dear! It was filthy. We asked if it could be cleaned. "Oh yes! Of course," and a man was sent to clean it. The first thing he did was to wipe the chairs so that we could sit down. While he scrubbed and cleaned our cabin, we sat wondering just what to ex- pect. Even with our thirst for knowledge (we'd gone second- and third - class through Malaysia and Thai-land to see how the people lived), it looked as if it could be unpleasant. The crew later told us that we were the first passengers they had ever had - undi they remembered one Chinese, about a year before, who had travelled from Hong Kong to Taiwan. The managing director of the shipping company had known we were coming three weeks ahead. We were told the ship took ten passengers. On board, we learned the truth - there was really accommodation for only one. By using the sofa, we had beds for two. We left for Taiwan on a lovely calm sea. That night there was no bedding, so John asked for some. "Of course you can have bedding." Away went the man to get it. He brought back one sheet and one pillow each, 1 and was called away. We waited and waited. He did not come back, so John found him again after a lot of searching. He had gone i to bed-forgotten about us. We then received one more sheet and a blanket. It was cold and we were glad we had bought two bedspreads in Hong Kong; we used them as well. Next morning we asked for towels. Back came two small hand towels. We had two towels with us, as we always carry them, but did not see why we should pro-vide our own when we were paying the same fare as on the Danish freighter from Bangkok to Hong Kong. On that ship we had clean linen every day. We had a talk to the captain. This was not so easy, as he could not speak English and we cannot speak Chinese. He thought we wanted handkerchiefs, until we went By BETSY EDWARDS ï through the usual demon- r stration (we can demonstrate v practically anything now with all the practice we had \ through South-East Asia). t "Oh yes. Of course you c can have towels. Everyone s on the ship has his ration, t so can you." He told us he would buy 1 us a towel in Taiwan, which ( was two days away! Keeping 20 miles out from the coast of Red China, we came to the North Equa- torial current, with its warm waters running through the cooler waters of the South ] China seas. We stood on deck watch- ing hundreds of Red Chinese fishing junks for perhaps two hours or more. We counted 294. As we approached Keelung, our first port in Tai-wan, we had to anchor and wait for the pilot. It was early morning, with a calm sea. John and I went up on deck to look at the land. When we came back the keys to one of our < ases I were missing from the table I where we had left them. I Only the day before, two small articles had been t ¡ken from our cabin. After waiting a long time for the pilot, we came slowly through the very narrow en-trance to the harbor, learn-ing in the meantime that there was no space for us at the wharf. They took our ship alongside two others, berthing us three-deep. Customs gave the ship a thorough search, tapping all walls for secret panels, go-ing through all the cabins, searching through all our luggage. When any of the crew wanted to go ashore, they were searched. It took nine hours for John and me to get our passports stamped, giving us permission to land. We had two ships to climb over. The first one had a plank across to our ship. We had just finished walk-ing the plank, when lhere was a call from our ship to come back, as the Immigra-tion Department had de« ided we should have an extra pass, the same as they give the crew. So we walked the 1 plank again. One of the officers then phoned and received per mission for us to go ashore . without the extra pass. Away we went again, walking the plank and through the first ship, climbed over on to the next ship and down her gangway to the wharf below. It was raining in Keelung. J We were told it rains most 1 of the time. Dingy, dismal We wandered round look- j ing at the street vendors j with their produce, which 1 was a better quality than we J had seen in Hong Kong and | the New Territories. Next day we caught a bus into Teipei, the capital of Taiwan. All the buildings ! were dingy, built of concrete, making everything look very grey and dismal. There were a few bright splashes of color whet* prates hung in front of build- ings indicating there was > new owner (or sometimes > new manager of a bank). A prate is a big shield-shaped frame covered with red and # The ship was dirty. They had storms in the China Sea, rotten food, and petty theft, and one had to sleep on a sofa. Yet Mr. and Mrs. John Edwards look back with genuine pleasure on their "cruise" in a Chinese freighter. H* flowers, or colored ^ftaper. about 20 to 25ft. in BE ;ht in some cases mostly ^Bed. as it is a very lucky BB lor to the Chinese. I A prate is erected for good BBrk You see them all BBrough South-East Asia. I Wc spent some time buyBBL provisions for meals BBboard when the food was BBst too bad to eat. Tinned BBod. but not like our tinned BBod, I assure you! Some BBeculiar flavors came out of BB ose tins. Dismaying I We bought shredded meat BB a jar. It looks like wattle BBark. The flavor is not too ?Bad, but it doesn't pay to BBive it too much thought, as . BB'""' folk eat rats, mice, BB< LS, cats, etc. If you are ?Bra! I y hungry you forget BBour usual habits, and think BBnlv about survival. We talk Bj in experience - we both BB" over a stone in weight BBn this trip. ? After our ship discharged h ( argo, we left Keelung. BBVs we left the narrow enBBance to the harbor, the ship BBeaved up into the air and ?Bown again. She was empty, BBnd like a cork on a rough ?Bea - bobbing about, things ?Biding everywhere. ? During dinner there was BB terrific crash as though we ?Bad hit a rock. I The stewards looked at us BB'1'- startled faces and said BBp'nething in Chinese which BB'' could guess was concern BBr thc ship and all aboard. ? All night long this went o> ii g up into the air, BBpshing down again, the BB>>P shuddering as if she BB°"'d break in two. She was BBithout any ballast at all. I (Next morning the FiliBB-> ' radio operator told us BBr had been right in the ?Biddle of a freak gale. He BB^d put his portable transBB'1'°r near his bunk, put on BB" socks and had his shoes BBa,!y- with lifejacket beBB:" 'hem. "How about life?BF^'S for us?" we asked BBM "Oh, not to worry," he ?BK'< "they always look after BBssengers." I wish we could ?B'" felt as confident!) ? We arrived outside Karen BB ^-30 a.m., and after the ??¡lot and immigration offiBBrs rame aboard were told BB go to our cabins. B John was told it was BjW'ations, that everyone ??ad to stay in his cabin BB1'" we arrived in port -BBe" the captain. H When we had berthed, the BB"stoms made their search. BBns time four of them came Br'0 our cabin and indicated BBpy wanted to see in our BBphoards, which, incidenBB"y. were full of spare ?B00^ for the ship - cocoBtut matting, etc. Nothing ?BD hcen cleaned out for the two Aussie passengers. Our clothes were draped every- where. John and I were sitting back watching them search, when I said, "That cupboard is full of gold," as they were straining to open a stubborn door. One of them swung round. They opened that cupboard in double quick time. The one who could speak English explained to us then that they were looking for communist spies. Finally we got seamen's passes with just our Chris-tian names on them. We put our cameras on and headed for the gangway, but WOW! Was there a commotion! John's movie camera was slung over his shoulder with the pistol grip sticking out. With all the Chinese ex- citedly chattering, it wasn't hard to tell they thought it was a gun. An officer explained that it was a camera, and after John was searched we were allowed ashore. This was a small port, with rows and rows of red brick flats. A young man came out of one and told us he was learning English from the Church. A Cana- dian was teaching him. The young man invited us into his home, introducing us to his wife, who could not speak English, but gave Each lost more than a stone in weight us a very welcoming smile. She brought in glasses of hot water for us with an-other beautiful smile. She returned with a dish of loquats, all nicely washed. Chinese drink quite a lot of hot water. Next morning we caught a bus into Hualin, passing houses of a better type, on very small allotments. But then you could expect that with 10,000,000 people on such a small island as Tai-wan. The houses had been painted a long time ago, brown and grey, and looked quite dismal. At the bank we learned we were the first Australians ever to go there. An Aus- tralian-British passport had them puzzled, and the trav-ellers' cheque and passport were scrutinised very care-fully and passed from one to the other. It took more than half an hour to change £2. Wherever we went people gathered to watch us. Karen had been opened to shipping for only about 12 months, and the people had not seen many strangers. When we were due to leave we were sent to our cabins and had to stay there - two hours this time. Out of our porthole we could see a warship with men on the bridge watching our ship through binoculars. After some time they were evi-dently satisfied and gave a signal to the police and Cus- toms on shore. By morning we arrived at Kaohsiung, the naval port. Yes, you guessed correcdy, we were sent to our cabins. After hours of waiting we were again issued with sea-men's passes, but were told they would keep our pass-ports until we sailed. When you want to cash travellers' cheques in a foreign country it is usual to show your pass-port as identification. We did get some Taiwan dollars, but only because people trusted us. The town was full of American sailors and the people were used to the American dollar. But sterling was different. In one store we made three purchases, and by the time we had our cheque cashed it took exactly three hours. In a winding street we found caged snakes being sold as food. We met three Westerners, tourists, it was plain to see, with their cameras slung over their shoulders. They were on a Chinese freighter, but, oh, so different from ours! Their ship was clean and the food good. They had sailed from America via Australia. They did not have to go to their cabins while enter- ing or leaving port. We con- cluded that we were treated this way because it was our ship's first call at Taiwan and came from Hong Kong, close to Communist China. Made friends Next day we went by bus to Dabeihu Lake. The police had written down in Chinese where we wanted to go and where the bus conductor was to put us off. The lake was quite nice, dressed up a bit with a pagoda and other ornamental buildings round it. We met a couple in the bus who could speak English, the man a Chinese on holi- day from Singapore and his wife, a Eurasian. As we had missed our meal on the ship and were happy to eat anywhere as long as it was clean, we had our evening meal together. The watermelons in Tai-wan are good quality, with a very nice flavor. Food was expensive and wages lownot an economical place to live. No wonder the housing was so poor. It would bc hard enough to buy food to keep body and soul together. The cardigans and jumpers were mainly made from ducks' down, spun, then used for knitting. It felt a little stiff and hard, but I guess it would keep the cold out. There are thousands of ducks bred in South-East Asia, and you see them sometimes being tended by a shepherd or in a bamboo enclosure. Before our departure from Taiwan, John and I watched the last of the food being brought aboard. Not for long, though, as we thought it wise not to see any more. There was fresh fish in one basket, a great big basket of buffalo lungs, and more mysterious bloody - looking entrails we couldn't identify, also a basket of bones. Two days out from Tai-wan, when we were in the China Sea, we had a storm. This time we were fully loaded and the ship rode beautifully, though our dinner slid across the table and fell upside down on the seats. The waves were tremen- dous. John, standing on the outside of the bridge about 50ft. from the sea, got soak-ing wet. The storm lasted 30 hours. Water got into the store-room, so that when the seas were calm again and the sun shining there were bags of rice and heaps of spaghetti put out to dry. We saw land on our port side-the Philippines, and now passed many islands. One of our refrigerators broke down,, and by the time it was fixed the food in it was definitely ready to throw overboard. The chief steward, whose duty it was to buy the food, was allowed only $H.K.4 a day (60 cents) to feed each person, including us. Most Chinese freighters, we were told, are allowed $H.K.8 a day, and some 10. The smells from the galley were nauseating. John and I left our food, eating only three pieces of chip potato and three slices of tomato, and had a bowl of plain boiled rice to help fill in the crevices. Then we went to our cabin and ate some of the tinned food we'd bought ashore. The radio operator was the first to get an upset stomach; the next was the cadet navigator. We were leaning on the rail watching the sea and flying fish, when we heard a plop. Looking over the side we saw a bowl full of food. In a few seconds it was fol-lowed by another, and another. We could see a hand point-ing to the food, accompanied by much talking, and then a bowl was lifted and tossed into the sea, followed by the chopsticks. By that time the cook and steward had the message. The tainted food was dis- posed of. J v Then land was in sight again-Indonesia. There were 38 men on board our ship. I was the only woman. Not having had passengers before, the crew were naturally free and easy, walking round in their under-pants, also standing with their cabin doors wide open, stripped right off, washing in a bucket of water. As they are used to one family living in one room and using the streets as a toilet, they would not see any harm in this. In fact, they treated me with the utmost respect. We were now approaching the Equator and the cold-water taps ran hot. We had to fill a bucket each night and let it cool off. One morning we saw the captain, first - officer, and chief engineer having a con- ference. The first-officer told me later they were discussing what they would do when they arrived back in Hong Kong. First they would ask for a new cook and a new steward, as everyone aboard was complaining about the food. Next they would ask for more than the $4 a day. Most of the officers who could speak a little English JOHN EDWARDS pats one ot the handsome bullocks in a Chung Shang street. Ashore, Mr. and Mrs. Edwards stocked up on provisions. They found wages low in Taiwan (Formosa), housing poor, and food expensive. told us they were dreaming about the food they would buy in Darwin. They'd all tightened their belts. 1 had made extra holes in mine. At last we were in the Timor Sea, not so far from Darwin. Privileges The captain and officers had been very kind to us. We could go on the bridge at any time - forbidden ground on most ships-look at the charts, and listen to the radio operator receiving the weather reports and send-ing out messages. There was radar to watch when we passed through narrow chan-nels-things one sees only in movies, but had permission to share here. Yes, we had enjoyed the trip. It was just our bad luck they needed a new cook and steward. Also that the managing director was very mean. (It appears he was noted for it.) We do hope they have a better food allowance after their inter-view with him. A seaman on this vessel (which is of Panama regis-tration) got $HK150 per calendar month ($5.20 a week in our money) on which to feed a wife and family, and pay rent. The third officer got $H.K.1000 a month. We woke early one morn-ing and saw Australia. Our first impression of Aussies on the Darwin wharf was how well-fed they were. Since arriving home in Adelaide we have met a re- tired sea captain. After hear-ing our story and asking some questions, he told us that the papers we signed in the dilapidated Hong Kong shipping office, which were written in Chinese, were obviously papers signing us on as crew. Naturally, we asked about those papers at the time, but were told, with a reassuring smile, that they were just the usual papers one has to sign going from one country to another-as, indeed, we had done so many times before. But those were all in English. That ship should never have taken passengers, but I guess it was too big a temptation when we walked in with the fare. 