A TASTY DINNER FROM DENMARK WHAT'S COOKINGP OHNNY'S THIS month's recipe, for Danish Mock Turtle, is prepared in three parts. This recipe is for six to eight people. First the meat balls should be prepared. Take 1 lb of minced meat, 1 egg, 1 cup of milk, i lb of flour, i lb margarine, salt and pepper. Mix the minced meat, egg, milk and flour. Add a little salt and pepper Fry in the margarine, making the meat balls about the size of a teaspoon. The second step is the fish balls. A tin of Scandinavian fish soup contains suitable fish balls so no preparation is required. The third step is the preparation of the gravy. Take 2 lb veal (with bone), i lb margarine, soup vegetables (e.g. leek, carrot, celery, parsley), tomato puree to taste, sherry, salt, pepper, paprika. 1 oz flour. Boil the veal in just enough water to cover meat. Simmer until the meat falls from the bone. Take the meat out, press it, and sprinkle sherry all over it. Leave pressed until cold. i o tne remaining stock add a little tomato puree, just to flavour it. In a frying pan brown a i lb of margarine. Cut the vegetables small and let them simmer in the margarine. Add vegetables to the stock, put in a little salt and simmer this mixture for one hour. Then strain and leave until required. In a separate saucepan brown the remaining i lb of margarine, adding flour. With this mixture make a hole in tne bottom and slowly add rtie above stock. Take the pressed meat, now cold, and cut into small pieces. Add this to the gravy, which should be flavoured with the paprika, salt and pepper. METHOD Place the meat balls and fish balls in an oven-proof dish and pour the gravy over them. Before serving place two hard-boiled eggs, h Ived, on top. Serve with rice, pastry puff, or potatoes. Shore your favourite recipe with other readers. Write to the Editor, The Good Neighbour, Department of Immigration, Canberra, A.C.T. 2600. ABOVE: Johnny is presented with the Merdeka Medal. Making the presentation is team manager, Arthur Paganin. Johnny van Oosten, 22, formerly of The Hague, migrated with his parents and sister to Australia in 1954, is now the 'glamour boy' of soccer in Perth. He recently toured Malaysia with the Western Australia soccer side and was awarded the Merdeka Medal for being the team's outstanding player at the South-East Asian international tournament. Before playing soccer he was successful at Australian Rules football, but turned to soccer at the request of his father who played it in The Netherlands. 