A BACHELOR'S LIFE ON THE OCEAN WAVE A Danish migrant discovered adventure ? and the advantages of a single cabin ? on his voyage to a new life in Australia. MY adventure began at Central Station in Copenhagen, where, armed with three suitcases and 17 waving, crying members of my family, plus a large lump of apprehension in my throat, I set out on the first long journey of my life. Destination Australia. My first stop was an Italian one-class turbine ship, awaiting its passengers in Rotterdam. The train had hardly left Copenhagen when my fellow passengers, vociferous and noisy at the station, collapsed round me like underdone souffles. All that was left of their gay, high spirits was a very stiff smile. No one said a word. You just gave a w-eak smile, surreptitiously wiped a tear from your eye, and did not dream of admitting that you were not too sure that emigrating to Australia was a very good idea. The silence was abruptly broken by a tiny, subdued grocer's assistant, who swore volubly. Shocked by the sound of his own voice, he pulled himself together and announced in very firm tones that no, he would not miss the Danish taxation authorities, the Danish housing shortage, the Danish beech woods, and the Danish smorgasbord. No, Australia was the country for him. We all agreed very heartily ?mostly, I am sure, to still any deep-down doubts we still carried. Australia, we said, was the country of importance in the world today, the country where a man had elbow room and where he could fill his lungs full of fresh air. For a moment the thought did strike me that I had actually never felt that Denmark was too small for me, but I hastily suppressed it. After all, I was on my way to a new continent. Next morning the train ieached Rotterdam, so I took my three suitcases in hand and climbed aboard the ship. At the top of the gangplank a group of Italian stewards, eager to help me, all knew in which direction my cabin was located. The only problem was that they all gesticulated in different directions. After zigzagging through various decks and retracing my steps several times, I finally found the right door. P. 10 was the name of my new residence, my rolling castle. To my astonishment I had had the good fortune to be given a single cabin at no extra cost. The shipping company hadn't been able to provide the double cabin with porthole which I'd booked, hence P. 10 was mine alone. No competition After the experience of that voyage, surrounded by so many delectable young females, I strongly recommend other sea-travelling bachelors to spend a little extra and travel in a single cabin. Courting a young lady is so much nicer if you can invite her to your cabin for a pre-dinner drink without competition from cabin mates. To describe fully the sixweek voyage in the company of some 1300 people you would need to write a book, for, although you only get to know a few fellow passengers really well, you cannot help bumping into several hundred people and noting their peculiarities. One person who became my most frequent companion, who dogged my footsteps?against my will, I must say ? during the voyage, was a fellow countryman, a sedate bricklayer who "adopted"' me. He had the smallest English vocabulary of anyone on the ship, and that, I think, was why I became his idol. He heard me speaking a few words in German with a Customs officer in the sleeping car from Copenhagen, which, to him, made me a linguistic genius who would be able to help him with his English. Then there was Rob, an Australian. Rob was always eyewitness to anything exciting that happened on the ship, and when he told us about it he always managed to make it sound as confidential as a State secret. To impart his latest knowledge he approached with a great show of mystery, darting nervous glances in all directions to make sure that no "spies" were listening. Then there was my gay, rum-drinking friend, Ted, and two elderly, no doubt extremely prosperous ladies, who used make-up and jewellery to excess. Rob gave them the names "Blue" and "Pink" because of the color of their hair, and those names stuck throughout the voyage. Sailing west from Rotterdam to Southampton, then across the Atlantic, through the Panama Canal to Tahiti, New Zealand, and finally Australia were more than 1300 passengers with different backgrounds, all with different reasons for emigrating. Each day at sea started as in any home?under the shower. I soon found out that the shower at sea is far more capricious than its landlubber brother. At first the stream of water and I seemed to meet only occasionally, for very short periods, but within a few days I was accustomed to the movements of the ship and proudly moved with them. Ordering a meal became quite a battle of languages. In your very best school English you explained to the Italian waiter exactly what you required. Every morning from the start of the journey I ordered well-done bacon and eggs for breakfast, but every morning I got them American style, or with the white shivering like jelly. Several times this caused a near riot at my table when ten shouting waiters and a boss with well-oiled head swore that my eggs WERE well done. One morning I gave up, and ordered scrambled eggs. Within seconds I had the whole staff of waiters around my table screaming and gesticulating. "Mamma mia, after all this now he wants SCRAMBLED eggs." Later my bricklayer friend entered the dining room. On his way toward my table he ordered his breakfast, using finger language and gesturing with his arms and legs. My sedate fellow country man sat down and told me with great pride that he had ordered breakfast by talking like a hen and drawing a fried egg in the air. Imagine my humiliation when the waiter placed his TRAVEL TALE and sketches by Sven Lunell Sven Lunell breakfast in front of him ? a plate of beautifully well done eggs! The ship's middle deck was dominated by an oval hall surrounded by various offices. Everyone conducted his business here ? the captain, the purser, the officers, the hairdresser, and the Australian Immigration authority. The Australian Immigration authority was represented by a middle-aged, dominating woman who ruled the passengers like a dictator. We were careful to treat this lady with great reverence, as we knew that with the stroke of a pen she could place migrants in Melbourne instead of Sydney, as they had chjsen. This dictator also ruled over a general store. She planned lessons in English, hired teachers, and lent copies of the Sydney "Daily Telegraph" which were months old. Her hawk's eyes spotted my friend the bricklayer, and within seconds she had placed him in the elementary class. As for me, she was very sorry but she did not need any more teachers at that time. I didn't even try to explain that I wanted to be a pupil. Instead I sneaked into the class for advanced students and witnessed the teacher's uneven fight against the lack of knowledge of his pupils and the cheap price of alcohol aboard the ship. Mornings and afternoons were devoted to sport. Selfappointed leaders organised tournaments in table-tennis, deck-tennis, and trap shooting. I am not a sporting type, but I joined the Fosters club, organised by the normally rum-drinking Ted. Its whole point was to drink as much beer as possible from 12.45 p.m. until the loudspeaker announced lunch at 1.15 p.m. It is said this kind of sport builds up the muscles in your right arm and also makes the tissues in your neck extremely flexible. . Usually I spent my mornings dozing in a deckchair Revenge on the ship's doctor or resting my head on the lap of one of the beautiful girls who adorned the ship. During these delightful tete-a-tetes it was most irritating to be disturbed by the bricklayer's perpetual questions ? "What does 'bloody' mean in Danish?" "How do you say 'you have a gorgeous body' in English?" I was also annoyed by the Dutch statistician who would settle down beside me, uninvited, and tell me that from his observations on the ship a man and a woman were interested in each other for only three days. He was of the opinion that one could draw a pattern of who would be together with whom for the rest of the trip. I suggested that he did that at once ? but somewhere else. The liner's second doctor, a grizzled, well-built Italian, who looked only too well in his white officer's uniform, was, without doubt, the person who annoyed me most on that voyage. His idea of the "ideal woman" was exactly the same as mine and it happened more than once that we stood on each side of the same beauty. Gradually, we became allergic to each other. We stopped saying "hello" and looked straight through each other. Unfortunately, nearing Tahiti, I was unlucky enough to get one of the worst throat inflammations that I have ever had. I did all I could to be treated by the first doctor, but you can guess whose clutches I fell into. He sent me to bed for three days and, added to that, continuously used my behind as a dart board for his penicillin syringe. My revenge, I am happy to say, came later. The gambling devil ruled during the afternoon hours. Bingo, quizzes, horse- racing, and tortoise-racing gathered a few passengers. Rob always got a packed house twice a day when he walked his three pure-bred dogs on the enclosure on the deck set aside for the purpose. People welcomed this free training act as if he had appeared in the Moscow Circus. By the time the dinner gong went for second sitting at 8.15 p.m., I would be sitting in one of the bars washing down the last daylight. If it happened to be one of the many gala evenings I would be in a dinner suit and horizontal tie in order to take myself a little more seriously. About the only difference between the menu on an ordinary evening and a gala evening was that the card was twice as big and "dressed" in more colors. The four courses had to be served and eaten as usual in less than an hour, so the waiters ? and the passengers ? were always in a hurry. The evenings were always full of adventure. If there was not entertainment there was dancing and if there was not a private party there was a fight, a cinema, or an impromptu party. Let me illustrate one evening. I had spent the whole afternoon in Australian company ? in fact it was the very day that I became acquainted with Australian hospitality. In spite of my somewhat uncertain condition, I managed to dress in my very best suit, for I had a rendezvous with beautiful "Miss R." After dinner I met her at a dark corner of the sports deck. She looked wonderful. Her light blue thai-silk dress with the Chinese collar suited her slender figure and tanned skin perfectly. We stood for a long while, enjoying the big moon and its reflection in the sea. I asked her to wait while I fetched two champagne cocktails from the nearest bar. Her French perfume was intoxicating. But happiness does not last. On returning to my beautiful date I sobered up completely. Who stood next to my blonde, my dream? The doctor! He clung to us like paspalum, and only an appalling rain squall stopped his irritating flow of talk as we took cover under a canvas cover. There were quite a few of us taking shelter there and to my delight the doctor was pushed by the crowd toward the edge of the canvas?more than five shoulder-widths from us. It was then the devil possessed me. Two six-foot well-built Aussies stood conveniently next to "Miss R." and me. I only had to hint that if the canvas above us burst we would all be drenched with the accumulated water. Immediately two Australian bunches of muscles raised up four strong arms and pressed this reservoir of water upward. My calculations were perfect. A fraction of a second later, the doctor was completely saturated. His uniform no longer looked newly pressed, his grey curls hung very straight, and you could not see his gold fillings shining in the silvery light. I felt I had got my revenge and, furthermore, "Miss R." The liner sailed through the Heads on a glorious sunny morning with its 1300 passengers. We had reached our destination. Our first encounter with the new world became unforgettable. Thousands of yachts as a foreground to the most beautiful city I had ever seen will always stay in my memory. From my flat I still have this fantastic view, and although I have looked at it day after day I will never have enough of it. 