Viking longship From a Special Correspondent in Los Angeles gARLY in May a 36 year-old American, Robert Marx, and a crew of eight (Ameri cans, Scandinavians and one Englishman) will sail for New York from Bergen in Norway in a replica of a Viking "long ship". These were sometimes called "dragon ships" from the fear some sea serpent-like creature carved on the raised prow. They will follow the old Viking route, stopping where the Vik ings did before them at Ice land, Greenland, Labrador, Newfoundland, Nova and Cape Cod before putting in at New York, Apart from the obligatory modern life-saving and photographic equipment all their gear and rations (which will include whale blubber, saltfisb and mead) will be authentically Viking. The ship itself is a replica of the well-known Gokstad long ship, which was dis covered, dug up and reas sembled at Gokstad in Norway in 1880. The age of the original was calculated at over a thousand years. It was 76 feet long with a 17-foot beam and drawing three feet of water. Steered by a "steer board" mounted on the star board side of the ship, it was propelled by 32 oars or a large, square sail mounted on a single mast amidships. Marx's replica has been donated by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer, the film corporation, and is one of two made for use in the film 'Alfred the Great' now awaiting release. It is precisely the same as the Godstad ship except that the planking of the hull is solidly fastened to the ribs with tre nails and spikes instead of be ing lashed to them with hide. Both these methods of securing the planks have been found in the dozen or so Viking ships which have been discovered on land or under the sea (of which five were discovered fairly • recently in Danish waters). In 1893- a Nor wegian sea captain, Magnus Andersen, made an ocean voyage in a lashed replica, proving that type seaworthy for a long voyage. Now it re mains for Marx to show that the solid hull is equally sea worthy. Unlike Andersen, who used modern sails ' and navigation aids, Marx is to use only a "bearing dial" in place of a compass, and a "sun board" to find his latitude, plus a prism to place the sun in bad weather. He hopes that dur ing the voyage he will find out a lot more about the sailing powers of the ship, the efficacy of the instruments and the skill of the Vikings in navigation. The ship, as yet unnamed, is at an Irish port and Marx re cently paid her a visit of in spection. This month he will return with crew and sail her to Bergen to prepare for his exciting — and dangerous — voyage, which he expects to last two or three months. 'T'HIS old-style ocean crossing is just one more exploit in a life which has been dedicated to the sea. As a boy Robert Marx (born in Pittsburgh of an immigrant German Swiss father and an American mother) fed on his father's tales of ships and sunken treasure, and from an early age explored the Pennsylvania lakes. When he was only 14, he left home and wandered to Atlantic City, where he helped on a diving rig owner's dredge. After various jobs, he went at the age of 17 to live with an aunt in Los Angeles, where he re turned to school. During this period he passed difficult tests to join the pioneer 'Neptune' skin-diving club, worked part time as a diver on various tough jobs, and began to delve into sea lore and accumulate knowledge and books about the sea and its wrecks. At 20 he joined the US Marines and became a swim ming instructor, organising a skin-diving club, the 'Sea Urchins'. His earliest feat in the field of history was to locate the Yankee ironclad ship, 'Monitor', which sank off stormy Cape Hatteras in 1862. . Its location required painstak ing research of . historical -documents as well as of the. area, __ After organising a diving school in Puerto Rico,-Marx left the Marines in Septemer, 1956, and returned to Los Angeles City College to study history and archaeology, work ing part-time with the Scripps Oceanography Institute. Later he searched the seas. for trea sure and found many old ships, becoming well known as a diver and marine archaeolo gist, in which capacity he came to Jamaica in 1966 to excavate the drowned city of Port Royal, wrecked by an earth quake and tidal wave in 1692. Last year he worked on the. re mains of two ships off St Ann's Bay, Jamaica, located , in 1940 by Admiral Samuel Eli'ot -Morison, and believed ..to be Robert Marx, fhe man behind the Viking ship expedition.. the 'Capitana' and 'Santiago', Columbus' lost caravels. Marx left Jamaica •• last spring and worked for a '.time with . salvage , operators* in Florida, but when the oppor tunity came to undertake a \- Viking voyage, he could;' not resist.' % 