FIFTY YEARS By Cecil Roth Immigrants travelling steerage to America. The triumphant close of the First. World War in the autumn of 1918 . almost • appeared to those who were living at the time as herald- : ing the dawn of quasi-messianic times. The long nightmare of trench-warfare and air-raids was ended. ’ The• tyranny of the Tsars, which had for a century past con stituted the tragic: backdrop to the drama of Jewish life every where, had been overthrown. In Germany, 'the birthplace of the new antisemitism, the old order had been displaced, and a demo cratic rdgime established. New democracies had been set up all over central and eastern Europe, in which the rights of all minori ties were to be guaranteed by in ternational treaty. The war-time ‘ allies— Great Britain, France, Italy, the United States - which had in fact been in the forefront of implementing Jewish emancipation, were now paramount everywhere, setting ah example even where they were unable to impose it. And (although some assimilationists regarded this with misgiving) the Balfour Declaration had recently recognised the principle of estab lishing a National Home for the Jews in Palestine. Now that Britain was in effective occupa tion of the country, she was morally bound to implement her pledge. . True, there were not lacking shades of darker clouds even in. this halcyon dawn; The Jews of Eastern Europe had suffered ter ribly during . the war, and even more terribly in the civil war be tween “Whites” and “Reds” which followed in its train. In deed, the number of Jewish vie-' tims who perished in Russia by violence in these days exceeded by many times the total of the pogrom casualties in the previous half-century, and the Jewish relief 'organisations in Western Europe and America had their resources strained as never before. ' The new democracies that had been set up on the ruins of the : Russian and Austrian Empires had not freed themselves from the antisemitic hatreds of a for mer generation, and there were violent anti-Jewish outbreaks in many of them, particularly in Hungary, after the collapse of the Communist regime set up in 1919. The British authorities in Pales: tine showed themselves some thing less than enthusiastic in the implementation of the 'Balfour; Declaration, notwithstanding its : endorsement by the newly estab-v lished League of Nations, And, although at this period Jews in the Western countries had at7 tained a degree of distinction and political prominence hitherto un exampled (or, conceivably, be cause of this) a wave of anti semitic feeling and propaganda swept the world, using as its text book (such was. the hysteria of the period) the ridiculous farrago of nonsense known as the “Pro tocols of the Learned Elders of Zion,” which purported to pro vide documentary evidence of a conspiracy of Jews and Com munists to attain world-domina tion. Gradually, the Jewish world settled down to an appreciation of the realities of the new situa tion . The Tsarist regime had been displaced, but, the Bolshevik regime succeeded in isolating Russian Jewry from their fellow-! Jews elsewhere and in under mining Jewish religious . and. cultural life in the area where it had formerly flourished as no where else. The establishment of democracy in Germany had been accompanied by a revival of the old antisemitism there in ah even more virulent form. The Succes- . sor States in Eastern Europe were able to evade many of the restric tions placed on them by the Minorities Treaties, and the pro blems of pauperisation in the Jewish communities were more rather than less acute than before.;■ . All in all. conditions were not so much better than they had been a generation, before, with, however, three reservations. In Russia, the pogroms - at least - had ended. In Palestine, the national regeneration, signalised by the revival of Hebrew and by the establishment of a University in Jerusalem, was making con ;; tinuous progress, notwithstand ing the lukewarmness of the Mandatory power.; And the Jew ish communities of the English speaking world: (concentrated mainly in the. United States)-had increased to a marked extent in integration and well-being, and were now taking oVef the former European hegemony. ; ; On them had now devolved the main responsibility for the physical relief of their oppressed and struggling brethren: else where: and they were rapidly advancing in intellectual, reli . gious and literary (as well as economic) Achievement. • A turning point came in 1929. ; In that year, the Jewish Agency was set up which in effect sym bolised nominally the collabora , tion of all elements in Jewry, not !■ merely the Zionists, in the build ing of Palestine. Simultaneously, ^however, Arab riots broke out there against the Jews, beginning a series of disorders which hence forth knew only occasional re spite. And in that year too began the economic crisis which, in : Germany, turned to an economic coliapse and brought the viru lently antisemitic National Social ist (Nazi) party, headed by Adolf • Hitler, first into effective promin ence, and finally in 1933 into ;• power. : It was. generally believed abroad that this would result in no more than a change in atmos : phere, with, possibly, the imposi tion of some legal restrictions bn . the participation of the Jews in public life.' But almost from the beginning it was obvious to the more perceptive that far more than this was in question. What was in store became abundantly evident . with the enactment in 1935 of the Nuremberg Laws, which reduced the Jews to the level of second class citizens (with worse to come): this was accompanied moreover by governmental anti-Jewish pro paganda of the most vicious and debased character, which had no parallel in history. : ■ Already from the beginning a large-scale exodus of Jewish intel lectuals and businessmen’ had be gun. Moreover, this propaganda spread, and was deliberately spread, to other countries, also suffering from the economic de pression,. with the result that in almost every country of the wes tern world para-Nazi movements, riot always small in scale or un important, served as the medium • for disseminating the new anti semitism on the Nazi model - further stimulated by the arrival of a constant stream of desperate refugees. The progress of the “cold po grom” in Germany was observed with supercilious incredulity by the outside world until the Ansch luss of March 1938, when the Nazi legions marched into Austria and forthwith began the liquida tion of Austrian Jewry, despoiled Continued next page V:“" ■■■ —TTT '-T—— Once a throbbing centre of Jewish cultural life, London's East End has undergone an exchange of population that has left little of its pre-war character intact. Nevertheless, vestiges of its past glory still remain. The boarded up windows of "Die Zeit", a Yiddish newspaper that lasted from 1913 until 1950, recalls the heyday of Yiddish. Gone is Wolf Mankowitz's little man who sold chazzanish records. But on Sunday mornings Petticoat Lane is still crowded with sightseers hoping to quench a burning nostalgia. FIFTY YEARS J ■9 Continued from previous page of all' their' property arid forced into wholesale flight from . the country, by a policy of calculated brutality. Encouraged by.the success of this operation arid .the lack- of real concern in other parts of the. world,, this was followed by .the Krystallnacht in Germany Itself; on 9 November 1938, when, in a carefully organised . outbreak of “spontaneous” violence, almost every synagogue and Jewish- insti tution' in the country was des troyed, mass arrests, were carried out, Jews were-released from con finement only dn condition that they emigrated forthwith stripped of all their property, arid the Nazi government declared, openly that it was deteririined to rid the country entirely of its Jewish population. -' This same 'policy was carried into effect in Czechoslovakia as well when that, country ^ the only one of the “Successor .{ States” where the rights of the Jewish minority had been; respected - was absorbed into the German Reich, or parcelled out to governments in sympathy with it, in 1938-39. By the autumn of 1939, areas which had foririerly harboured upwards of two and a half million "Jews were Under the rule or the direct influence, of Nazi antisemitism: and the free world was clumsily trying to cope with the problem of the hundreds and thousands of refugees whom it was unwilling to admit but found irioral difficulty iri excluding. The only land where a large; number was able to find a new “home” (in the full sense ofi the ■ word) was Palestine where, how ever, . the Mandatory government, unable to reconcile its moral duty with trie problem of appeasing the Arab States, was placing iricreasr ing obstacles in the way of immi gration and land-purchase, pre cisely when this had become so vitally important for the survival . of the Jewish people. The Nazi treatmerit of the Jews had failed.to convince the Western governments of the Third Reicri’s utter indiffererice to: moral con siderations arid to human suffer ing. This became manifest in Sep tember 1939 when the German armies invaded Poland and over came all opposition in the field within a matter of days. Forth with systematic persecution'; of' Polish Jewry - the - great reservoi r not only of populatibri but also of spiritual and inteilectual life for the Jewish people at largri - was put into force, with a brutality made all the more easy in a. country under military occupation. .. There were perpetual displays of pointless - violence, claiming hundreds of thousands of vic tims;; the rations given to Jews were reduced to. something below the subsistence: level; in 1939 the Badge of Shame known in the Middle Ages was introduced; and. this was folio wed iri the; next year by the establishment of vast urban1 ghettoes into which the Jews were concentrated. The most important was that.in Warsaw, in which half, a million human beings' were crowded under conditions of ap palling misery. After the remarkable Nazi; German military triumphs cf 1940-41, the same systemwas. ex1-: tended to other conquered or .oc cupied lands of Europe, and a j Life for a Je once describ j Aleichem as \ a boil. Altho on Jews wei Russian phei became a "i under Tsars Nicholas jl,! the Russian devastation; "pogrom V linguistic aci the worst mi at Kiev in 18 by contempo Kishinev in 1 stirred up by condoned by Easter Pogro lasted three 45 Jewish di of wounded, shown (right prayer shawl these starter Russian and West. start was made to the policy of transporting all European Jewry to a vast concentration centre around Lublin, in Poland. Finally, at a conference of the Nazi hierarchy held at \Vannsee, a suburb of Berlin, on 20 January 1942 - the most tragic day of all ■ days in the millennial history of -Jewish martyrdom - an agreement • was unanimously reached tp.apply* what y'aSjtermed the “Final Solu tion" to the so-called Jewish prob lem. Within a short while,, reports began to spread to the deliber-: ately-increduloiis outside world of the horrors of the death camps at Majdanek, Belzec, Treblinka, Oswiecim (Auschwitz) and else where, in'which Jewish deportees, first from Poland and then from all over Europe,, were being exter minated by the thousand and scores of thousands - by shooting, by injections, and above, all by poison gas. It is impossible for the human mind to grasp the scale or the heartless, deliberation of these atrocities. There were wholesale round-ups of the Jews in France, Holland, Belgium,Italy, Hungary, Greece, Yugoslavia, Slovakia, for deportation eastwards. In Denmark, thanks to the whole hearted opposition arid sympathy of the entire Danish people,, the beast was thwarted of.his prey. Meanwhile, in , the Russian campaigns, when every semblance of humanity was abandoned, stark massacre replaced scientific mur der. The total number of. victims is generally reckoned at. some - 6,000,000 souls - nearly ope-third of the then Jewish; population' of the world, more than tworthirds of the Jewish, population of the con tinent of greatest dis ever; occurre Not tha tirely passi' of civilised had render deplorably circumstanc Jews were f ally as indi in the Resis before the Polish Jewr revolts in imposed that of W which surp ism any otl Jewish mili Relative nevertheles: significance Jewish peo WRY ilfiussia was 4 Sholom ister on top of mass attacks )| exclusively a |non they al" occurrence |nder III and liuch so that iifor destruction-r ed international |nce. Two of pres occurred ^depicted here ^drawings) and I Both were I list agents and regime. The Kishinev i and claimed bnd hundreds | dead are apped in cenes such as iss exodus of sh Jews to the >pe. It was the • by far that had a people’s history. > victims were en lthough centuries 1 law-abiding life he vast majority :le even in these [n every country, inent- but gener als, not as Jews - 5 movements: and il liquidation of 943-44 there, were .e of the Nazi toes - particularly v in April 1943* perhaps in hero-, revious chapter in listory. mil in scale, it was ' great historical it implied that the whole would & henceforth abandon the quietistic attitude that had characterised it for so many centuries and would pass over: to a policy of activism. It was only. when the war ended in April 1945 that the full scale of the disaster became ap parent: The; only Considerable Community that remained un affected was that of unconquer able Britain. The Jewish com munities of Austria, Czechoslo vakia, Germany, Greece, Holland, Poland, the Baltic States and Yugoslavia came close to total annihilation. In Poland alone 2,850,000 Jews were wiped out. The figures for Rumania, Hun • Continued next page Thousands of;Jews made homeless by the riots found shelter in Kiev's arsenal after pogroms of 1881. Jews expelled from Moscow, St Petersburg and Kiev were forcibly deported to the Pale of Settlement. FIFTY YEARS JEWRY • Continued from previous page gary and Belgium exceeded 50% killed: while Russian Jewry, ter ribly, dedicated, was soon to be again cut off from contact with the outside world. A million displaced persons who had managed to sur vive the concentration camps or find refuge in hiding-places, were seeking desperately for some haven where they might rebuild their lives, free from any possi bility , of a renewal of the night mare of the past, years: It was for such an eventuality, it may be said, that Theodor Herzl had his vision of a Jewish National Home fifty years before, but the British Government, con fused.between its moral duty and its presumed interests, persisted in its policy of appeasement in Pal estine. The restrictions on immi gration and land-purchase that had been established before the outbreak: ; of the war were, con tinued; and the armed forces of the: Empire, which- had served with, such distinction in the Middle East campaigns, were now deployed to stop what was termed “illegal immigration” into- the country on the part of the miiser ‘ able survivors iii search of a home. T0 this, noJ JeAy—Zionist or non-Zionist—could assent: and a state of semi- open-warfare began between Jews on the one hand, and, on the other, both Arab irre . giilars and what had become by now the British Army of occupa pation. Commissions of Inquiry under various auspices succeeded one another, their recommenda tions being mechanically rejected by the stubborn, now offended British Foreign Minister, Ernest Bevin, insofar as they favoured Jewish and Zionist claims. ’ At last, on 29 November 1947, the General Assembly of the YUnited Nations, to ' .which the : problem had been; ultimately re ferred, recommended the division of Palestine into two independent ' states, the one Arab and the other . Jewish. On 15 May 1945 the British formally relinquished the mandate they had received from the : how-defunct League of Nations, and withdrew their last forces. On the previous day, the sovereign Jewish State, to be called the State of Israel, came into being, with the veteran ZknU ist leader Chaim Weizmann as first President, and the iron-willed David Ben-Gurion as Prime Min ister. ■' Y\ :: ?■'; • Continued next week Louis D. Brarideis (1856-1941). U.S. Supreme Court Justice, Zionist and social reformer.' ‘ . Herbert H. Lehman (1878— 1963). United States Senator and Governor of New York: Leonard Bernstein. Composer and conductor of the New York Philharmonic. " . ,i Abe Fortas. Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Saul Bellow. Author. "Herzog". "Henderson the Rain King". Arthur. Miller. Playwright, wrote “Death of a Salesman", "The Crucible", "All My Sons'-, "The Misfits". Felix Frankfurter (1882-1965). Justice United States Supreme Court, Presidential adviser. David Susskind. TV and film producer, outstanding television interviewer. Edward G. Robinson. Actor, starred in "The Magic Bullet", ■'The Ten Commandments". Adrian Kantrowitz. Surgeon, pioneer of organ transplants^ Eddie Cantor (1892-1964). Actor, comedian and philan thropist. Felix M. Warburg (1871-1937). Banker, philanthropist and communal leader. Henry Morgenthau Jr. (1891— 1967). U.S. Secretary of Treasury. Artur Rubinstein. Concert pianist. Jacob Javits. United States Senator. Member of Congress 1947-1954. ' Vice-Admiral H. G. Rickover; USN.."Father of the atomic submarine". Moss Hart (1904-1961). Playwright. "You Can't Take It With_You",."The Man Who Came to Dinner”. Edward Teller. Atomic physicist, directed development of hydrogen bomb. Edna Ferber. Dramatic author and novelist. “Dinner at Eight", “Stage Door", "Show Boat" and "Giant". Abraham Ribicoff. United . States Senator, Governor of Connecticut. 