DIVIDED SESSIONS -UNITED "AIMS” “We call on the Jewish people to unite in a vast effort to develop human resources, so as to create a society here which will bring pride to us all — renewing the glory of the past and the promise of our future.” inis was toe final resolu tion adopted by the recently concluded Conference on Hu l man Needs in Israel, climax ing four days of teamwork between two hundred de legates from 23 countries and Israeli experts and resulting [ in . a new breakthrough in planning long-term solutions for Israel’s social needs. COMBINED GOAL Dr. Israel Goldstein, World Chairman of the Keren Haye sod Un’ted Israel Appeal, de lineated the underlying theme of the conference when he spoke on behalf of his own “constituency”, whose three score delegates represented a population of two-and-a-haif million Jews, which had pro vided $150 m'llion for Israel’s needs in 1967 alone. He referred to: “a consti tuency which is less than half the size of United States Jew ry, is scattered over 54 dif ferent Countries, large and small, where the campaigns are conducted, not only in English with its varying ar ticulations, but also in Spa nish, French, German, Swe dish, Dutch, Finnish, Italian, Portuguese, Danish and Nor wegian, as well as in Yiddish in all of its vacations — a diversity of. types but with one accent — the accent on Israel.” “Thus the whole conferen ce: unity in diversity, for our selves — now.” Provided in advance with up-to-date surveys in the va rious felds under review, delegates were assigned to the different workshops where the thorough preparations were reflected in the high level of discussions. There were some speeches by Israel’s top leaders during meeting? of the plenum. Most of the time was spent around the workshop table when delegates from abroad were able to sit down with the Israelis in charge of im plementing the decisions taken and who in their daily work have to cope with the many problems discussed at the conference. At the first session of the Educational and Cultural Workshop, Zalman Aranne, Minister of Educat'on, said: “There is no cause to re joice or to be alarmed at the results of Israel education.” But his survey revealed at least cause for satisfaction: because of the progress made in eliminating the differences in standards of education among the various ethnic groups; because^ follow'ng the period of mass immigra tion, “the education of Israel was saved from catastrophe by the girls of Israel” (a re ference to the remarkable many women teachers): because the goal of a bal ance between the aoadem'c, agricultural and vocational schools has almost been reached... But future challenges are many, and the help of Dias pora Jewry is imperative. Elementary education must be further strengthened; more community centres are need ed in new immigrant areas; the drop-out from high schools, particularly amonog youngsters from large Orient al fam'Iies, must be stem med. Junior colleges were needed, and educational re search must be launched. In another session, it was pointed out that the general standard of health services in Israel had always been rela hvely high and upwards of 95% of the Jewish popula tion is covered by some form of voluntary insurance; much had been done towards edu cating new immigrants from underdeveloped countries to an awareness of modem hy giene. There were other more general indicators of pro gress, like the drop in infant mortality and the increase in lire expectancy. „ At 'a later session on Health, it was reported that a ten-year plan for develop ment of med'cal services, en dorsed by. the Government two years ago, was being held up owing to the prohibi tive defence burden. The workshop’s first resolution therefore was that the plan be implemented. The Higher Education Work shop reported on the need for an intensive plan for student scholarships and the con struction of colleges for fur ther h'gher education. One of the problems brought to the fore by the group dealing with agricult ural settlement was that close to one third of Israel’s 750 farm villages await further investment. In the workshop on hous hjg.it was stated that a £1,000 million investment in building and construction will be necessary to cope with Is rael’s requirements in this field during the next few years. Immigrant absorption and the need to raise the level of Jews from culturally de prived societies was a thread that ran through all the work shop discussions on develop ment towns as on agricultural settlement; on education as on social welfare. 