: SAMANTHA SANG (that's her real name) IS SINGING HER WAY TO THE TOP 1 IN NEW YORK By BILL WILSON, in New York . Samantha Sang is a little girl (five-foot nothing) with a big voice - so big that recording engineers have to regulate volume controls. SAMANTHA'S manager, Robert Stigwood, knew how big her voice was and Jerry Wechsler, of Atlantic ! Records, knew, too. They wanted to introduce Samantha to the "trades" - disc jockeys and the show- business Press - when she arrived in New York 1 recently. They wanted to launch her in the manner her voice deserved and hang the ex- pense. (When Atlantic brought in the then unknown rock group, the Cream, they ' introduced them modestly over coffee and danish pastry at a downtown restaurant one Monday morning and may have been embarrassed when the group went on to electrify the youth of America.) Supper club For Samantha, they took over the maisonette at the St. Regis Hotel, one of the I best New York supper clubs, ; and called 24 musicians - at $230 each - to back her in one song, "Love of a «oman." The little 18-year-old drop-let from a Melbourne I business college brought the 1 house down. lt was about time somemmg happened to cheer up Samantha. She'd just been , turfed out of England, in .1 effect, carrying her record ¿under her arm. a TV British immigration authorities refused to give ; n« a third extension of her J v«a. She'd been in England 7 11 months with her mother j father, and now had to ' move on. ¡I* 'We were going to have a reception at the Savoy in London to launch the record (it was the same 'Love of a Woman,' written by Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees for her), but we had to cancel because I had to leave the country four days later," Samantha told me in her New York hotel suite. At least I think that's what she told me. As I was trying to talk to Samantha a public-relations assistant had thc television blasting out "Dark Shadows," an afternoon soap opera in which her boy-friend was supposed to have a part, but didn't. . Samantha's record has been released in Australia under her own name. But she's better known at home as Cheryl Grey. She was born Samantha Sang, and the reason she has been using a different name is all her father's fault. He is Reg Sang, who is also a singer. When he started his career he was getting a lot of ribbing for his name, so ht sang under the name Reg Grey. So when Samantha dropped out of business college after three months -"I didn't think I'd make a very good typist," she apologised - and embarked on her singing career, she dropped the name Samantha Sang, and sang under the name Cheryl Grey. She picked up a shelf full of awards quickly. Her first record won her the title of "most promising newcomer"; her third was named "best record of the year"; and her last in Australia was voted "best record by a girl singer." The trouble was she was too young to sing in most clubs, because of the licens-ing laws. Still only 16, she headed for England with her father to try out her big voice on the British. She and her father worked their way to England aboard the liner Queen Frederika, singing for their passage. After their arrival in Lon-don, a friend played a record by Samantha for Barry Gibb, and Barry took the record over to Robert Stigwood, who signed up Samantha on the spot. "Incredible voice" "As soon as I heard her incredible voice," said Barry Gibb, "I knew that I had to write a song for her. This is just the beginning for her, and I see no end to her possibilities - not even Streisand had such a voice at this age." Samantha was 18 last August and early next year she will be playing Las Vegas with Sammy Davis Jr. Before that she will be performing in Europe -where she expects no visa difficulties. Meanwhile, she will be in New York listening to the radio to see if her record makes a hit. If it does, her managers will be looking for clubs and television shows to showcase that big voice. Wearing a purple shirt and black slacks - "I bought the outfit yesterday at one of the department stores here" - she was "warmly mined," as the trades say, when she belted out her song in front of a 24-piece orchestra. "I still can't believe it's happening to me," she said happily. . Australian pop singer Samantha Sang in New York. At home she is better known as Cheryl Grey, the name she took to avoid the ribbing she thought she would get if she sang under her real name. 