MEIYA TO COPENHAGEN i REFUGEES IN SCANDINAVIA 'WVVWVVVWWVWWWWWWVWWVWWWW wwwwwwwwwwv. I By DOW MARMUR (Rabbi Marmur is Associate Minister of the North western Reform Synagogue in London) JOKE current among the Jews now leaving Poland is about the for mer high-ranking Polish. Communist of Jewish des cent who announces his intention to emigrate to Israel. His former colleagues are shocked, but he explains: “If I die here, people will always say. ‘Here is buried a dirty Jew.’ But if I die in Israel they will pass mv grave and sav, ‘Here is buried a Polish Communist.’^ And I want to die1 as a Polish Communist” The story reflects the atti tude of many of the refugees from Poland whom I met in Scandinavia. Some 1,500 of them are in Denmark, mainily in Copenhagen, and roughly the same number in southern Sweden. Both countries, Denmark without restriction and Swe den more selectively, have opened their borders to these Jewish refugee^, both because they need foreign labour, and also for humanitarian rea sons, in the best Scandina vian • tradition. Why have these Jews gone to Sweden and Denmark instead of joining the others in Israel? They become very aggressive when this question is put to them, replying with another question: “Why don’t you go to Israel ?” But there are more rea soned answers, too. A group of students in Mahno, Swe den, has now begun to pub lish a duplicated magazine 'Vailed Spojrzenia (Views). Its first issue tries to deal with the matter. Writing cynically of the “alliya” to Copenhagen (the word- is normally used only of emigration to Israel). Spoj. rzenia divides the refugees into" four groups. These are: I# Former high-ranking dig nitaries in Poland’s admin istration arid academic life. These;people are committed ’ Communistsand • therefore totally alien, if not. hostile, to. Israel; •; • People who have con tracted: r mixed marriages; Many refugees ' have non Jewish wives 6r mothers . (Jewesses with non-Jewish husbands find it very difficult to.. obtain exit . permits for their spouses). They had just discovered that they were second - class citizens in Poland. What will their status be in Israel ? The question "Who is a Jew?” is con stantly being asked; ■ .0 Many of'the immigrants are young people, mainly students. They want to com plete . their studies, and fear that in Israel they will have to join the Army instead; • The final group consists of opportunists who stayed in Poland - for reasons of ex pediency. They believe, that any Western country outside Israel will be more suitable for them. , Spojrzeriia’s analysis is borne, out by my own experi ence. 1' addressed a large gathering of refugees in Copenhagen, and the two questions most1 vehemently argued were: “IWho is a Jew?” and “Why is Israel propaganda so vicious against us ? After all, we bad to leave Poland because of our loyalty to Israel in 1967!” “NEW” JEWS The Danish and Swedish Jewish communities, are try ing to find answers to both these questions/; In Copen hagen, • especially: under the admirable leadersh’p of Rabbi Bent Melchior, efforts were made to integrate the refu gees into the- community in any wav they wish to be integrated. . • Rabbi'Melchior' established a special office in the com munity to forge links be tween the “old”, and the :S^swldj too. woric rf 8 similar kind , is being done.: ( The same issiie of Spojrzenia , announces that the Jewish ] community in Malmo'has ap pointed a special ■ social. I worker-, to deal with the , Polish refugees. The Jewish Student Society in Stockholm arranged a very successful seminar for the students among the refugees. The magazine {itself is bang produced with the help of the , community. V Nevertheless, many refu- i gees are disenchanted. The 1 next issue of Spojrzenia will carry an article called, “Jews in Sweden — Are we only on Greeting Terms?” The small Jewish com munities in 'Denmark and. Sweden have many problems of their own, assimilation'and • ; intermarriage among them, and it is not easy to inte grate a foreign ■ assimilated group of people who have contracted mixed., marriages. In addition, the refugees themselves' are “difficult” Thev had stayed in Poland because they did not wish to be Jewsi- but General Moczar ; and other anti-semites fore- ; Iblv reminded them of their Jewishness. Nevertheless, emotionally, ' .they "are still v bound to. Poland, and many of. them — quite imrealistically — still. - hope- to be allowed to re turn. it is, therefore, on£y .. natural that Jewish self hatred should be their res ponse. i. At the moment, it is ex pedient for them to associate- . themselves with the Jewish community, but it is very ■ doubtful whether mahy wiil allow themselves to-'be inte^ grated into their host com-' . munities"" ; (Copyright,: Jewish Chronicle News and iFeature Service) 