Overseas News Polish refugees bring problems with them By DOW MAKMXJR I A joke current among, the J< the former high-ranking Polish Ci announces his intention to emigrai are shocked, but he explains: “; say, ‘Here is buried a dirty Jew. pass my grave and.say, * Here is 1 I want to die as a ;Polish Com munist.” ' . . : The story reflects the attitude of many of the refugees from Poland whom I met in Scandinavia. Some 1,500 of them are in Denmark, mainly in Copenhagen, and roughly the same number in south ern Sweden. ' Both countries, Denmark with out restriction and Sweden more selectively, have . opened their borders to these'' Jewish refugees, both because they need foreign labour, and also for humanitarian reasons, in the best Scandinavian tradition. Aggressive response Why have these Jews gone to Sweden and Denmark instead of joining the others in Israel ? They become very aggressive when this question is put to them, replying with another question: “ Why don’t you go to Israel ? ” But there are more reasoned answers, too. A group of students in Malmo, Sweden,, has now begun to publish a duplicated magazine called Spojrzenia (Views). Its first issue tries to deal with the matter. Writing cynically of the “ aliya ” to Copenhagen (the word is norm ally used only of emigration to Israel), Spojrzenia divides the refugees into four groups. These are: Former high-ranking- digni taries in Poland’s administration and academic life. These people are committed Communists and therefore totally alien, if not hostile, to Israel; People who have contracted mixed marriages. Many refugees have non-Jewish. wives or mothers (Jewesses with non Jewish husbands find it very dif ficult to obtain exit permits for their spouses). They had just discovered that they were second-class • citizens in Poland. What will their status be in Israel ? The question, “ Who is a Jew ? ” is constantly being asked. , Many of the immigrants are young. people, mainly students. They want to complete their studies, and fear that in Israel they will have to join the Army instead. The final group consists of opportunists who stayed in Poland for reasons of expedi ency. They believe that any Western country outside Israel will be more suitable for them. Definitions sought Spojrzenia’s analysis is borne out by my own experience. I addressed a large gathering of refugees in Copenhagen, and the two questions most vehemently argued were: “Who is a Jow?” and “ Why is Israeli propaganda so vicious against us ? After all, we had to leave Poland because of our loyalty to Israel in 1967 ! ” The Danish and Swedish Jewish sws now leaving Poland is about H jmmunist of Jewish descent who H :e to Israel. His former colleagues H tf I die here; people will always H ' But if I die in Israel, they will H buried a Polish Communist.’And H Henryk Kowalski, a Jewish refugee from Poland, has been awarded one of Denmark’s most coveted scholar ships in recognition of. his bril liance'as a violinist communities are trying to -find answers to both these questions. In' Copenhagen; especially, under the 1 admirable leadership of Rabbi Bent Melchior, efforts are being made to integrate the refugees into the commuhity, in any way they wish torbe integrated. . ; Rabbi Melchior has established a ’ special office in the; community to forge links between the “ old” and the “new” Jews. . In Sweden-too, work of a similar kind is being done. The same issue of Spojrzenia announces that the Jewish community in Malmo has appointed a special.social worker to deal with: the-Polish refugees. The : Jewish; Student Society in Stockholm arranged a very, success ful seminar for the students among the refugees. The magazine itself is being produced with the help of the community. Disenchanted Nevertheless, many refugees are disenchanted. The next issue of, Spojrzenia wiU carry an article called, “ Jews ' in Sweden—Are we only on Greeting: Terms ? ” The small Jewish communities in Den mark and' Sweden have many prob lems of their own, assimilation and intermarriage among them, and it is not easy to integrate a foreign assimilated group of .people who have contracted mixed marriages. In addition, the. refugees theih selves are “ difficult.” They had stayed in Poland because they did not wish to, be Jews, but General Moczar and other antisemites forcibly reminded; them of their Jewishness. Nevertheless, emotionally, they are still bound to Poland, and many of them—quite unrealistic ally—still hope to be allowed to return. At the moment, it is expedient for them to associate themselves with the Jewish community, but it is very 'doubtful whether many will allow themselves to be inte grated into their host communities. Rabbi Marmur is associate minis ter of the North-Western Reform Synagogue, in- London. 