UIDBLD HEU151 IMMIGRATION New Bill not racialist: LONDON, Tuesday '(AAP-Reuter). — Britain's controversial Immigration Bill moved one step nearer to becoming law when it was given a lengthy and critical examination in the Hoiise of Commons yester day. The Home Secretary, Mr Maudling, faced a concerted attack from the Opposition Labour and Liberal parties and from his own party's right-wing extremist, Mr Enoch Powell, be fore the Bill was given a second reading last last night. He rebutted accusations that the Bill was racialist and declared it would improve community re lations by putting Common wealth citi7xns and aliens within a single framework of immigra tion control. During the debate, Mr Powell, a persistent critic of coloured im migration to Britain, said the Bill swarmed with difficulties, anoma lies and intolerable contradic tions. He also warned that it might even increase the flow of immigrants into Britain instead of controlling it. Ancestral tie needed The Bill provides for would-be Commonwealth immigrants with ances tral links with Britain to be classified as patrials and to be free of entry controls. Patrials would comprise people who had a parent or grandparent born in the United Kingdom or y.'ho were naturalised citi zens. All other immigrants, whether Commonwealth or foreign, would not be ■admitted to Britain unless they had a work permit and a guaranteed job in a specific place for at least a year. Mr Powell said the only hope for the Bill was to extend the repatriation clause. But Mr Maudling made it clcar that he did not believe in a large scaje repatriation program. In an earlier attack on (he Bill, former Labour Government Home Secre tary, Mr James Callaghan, said, "One does not stifle the cries of the under privileged by a shoddy measure like this, but creates a new batch of prejudices". The Bill would injure the work of the police and immigrant leaders to over come present feelings of mistrust. Tt also would af fect materially and ad versely Commonwealth settlers and future arrivals. Mr Callaghan, unlike other speakers in the debate, accepted that the Bill was not racialist be cause it could apply to both black and white. He pointed out there were a million Anglo Indians who could be classified as patrials and they -would be free to en ter Britain at the "stroke of a pen". Mr Callaghan said the Bill should be dropped and an all-party inquiry on immigration and race rela tions be carried out in stead. Mr Maudling dismissed as sheer, unadulterated nonsense an allegation that the proposed registration rules for some new Com monwealth immigrants were as tyrannical as South Africa's pass laws. Five-year wait Under the new Bill, non-patrials would have to register with the police and notify changes of ad dress, and must wait five years before they could apply for citizenship. Mr Maudling told MPs that registration was neces sary for control purposes but if there was a better alternative than registering with the policc he would consider it. COPENHAGEN, Tues day (AAP-Reuter). — A Uanisn sea captain said yesterday he had smug gled mure than 1,000 Paki stan and Indian illegal immigrants into Britain in the last two years. In an interview with the Danish newspaper 'Politi ken', Captain Knud Lind holm Petersen, 53, said he had worked for a name less world-wide organisa tion engaged in smuggling people from one country to another. Captain Petersen said the organisation charged a Pakistani —' with or without a passport — £10,000 sterling (SA21.430) to get him into Britain. 