WORLD I1EUIS IN BRIEF Soviet student NEW YORK, Wednes day (AAP). - A Soviet exchange student, Mr Jvlerab Kurashvili, 36, boarded an Aeroflot flight to return to Russia this morning. Mr Kurashvili, ?who was involved in a shoplifting incident in California, slashed his wrists and throat on Sun day as he was being taken to Kennedy Airport to re turn home. The student failed to appear yesterday for a scheduled interview with immigration officials in New York. Statistics TOKYO, Thursday (AAP-Reuter). - There was a marriage in Japan every 29 seconds in 1971, and a divorce every five minutes nine seconds, ac cording to figures issued in Tokyo yesterday. Man, 147, dies NAIROBI, Thursday (AAP). - A Kenyan, Mr Jacob Mboya Rawo. has died at the age of 147. He is survived by three wives, 134 grandsons and 103 granddaughters. Sentenced MANILA, Thursday (AAP-Reuter). - A Philippine Court sentenced the commanding officer of the United States Clark Airbase and another Am erican officer to six-month jail terms yesterday for their failure to produce a US enlisted man for trial on a rape charge. Drug ring STOCKHOLM, Thurs day (AAP-Reuter). - Swedish and Danish pol ice have co- operated in breaking two international drug rings believed to have brought ampheta mines worth 30 million crowns (55.1 million) to Sweden in recent months. Submarines HAMBURG, West Ger many, Thursday (AAP Reuter). - The Soviet Union was building three nuclear submarines for every one built in the West, according to Ad miral Charles Duncan, NATO's supreme allied commander, Atlantic. Bribery NEW YORK, Thursday (AAP-Reufer). - Three New York City policemen ?were indicted yesterday for allegedly agreeing to ac cept a SUS5.0D0 (SA4.198) bribe to allow a murder suspect to flee the scene of a killing. In a separate Grand Jury indictment, the suspect and another man, both now fugitives, were charged with bribery, re warding official miscon duct, and conspiracy. Agreement BANGKOK, Thursday (AAP). - Thailand and Cambodia will enter into a security agreement next week, a Bangkok news paper said today. New knee LONG BEACH, Thurs day (AAP). - Californian doctors say they have in serted for the first time an artificial knee that can do everything the bone-and cartilage model can do. Critical COPENHAGEN, Thurs day (AAP-Reuter). - The condition of King Frederik of Denmark, critically ill in hospital after suffering a severe heart attack, was "still very serious" last night, a bulletin signed by the King's doctors "said. Charges ZAGREB, Thursday (AAP-Reuter). - Eleven people arrested in Zagreb on Tuesday will face charges of conspiring to overthrow Yugoslavia's social and political system, the President of the Zagreb District Court said in a press statement yesterday. Cyanide j LONDON, Thursday (AAP). - The British De partment of the Environ ment announced yesterday an investigation into reports that hundreds of drums of cyanide waste have been secretly tipped on midland refuse sites. Kapwepke LUSAKA, Thursday (AAP-Reuter). - Police took the Zambian Op position leader, Mr Simon Kapwepke, a former vice president, to hospital in Lusaka yesterday after he was attacked in a city shopping centre by a hos tile crowd. Brothels STOCKHOLM, Thurs day (AAP). - A Swedish Member of Parliament pro posed yesterday State-run brothels in Sweden to pet rid of private "acting studies", "massage centres" and other shady enterprises. Lifted MANILA, Thursday (AAP-Reuter). - President Marcos has lifted the five month- old state of emer gency he clamped on the Philippines in August to head off what he said was the threat of a communist rebellion. Visit MOSCOW, Thursday (AAP). - The Soviet For eign Minister, Mr Andrei Gromyko, will make an of ficial visit to Japan during (he second half of this month, Tass News Agency reported yesterday. Freed ZANZIBAR, Thursday (AAP - Reuter). - Zanzi bar's leader, Sheik Abeid Karume ceremonially freed about 600 of the island's prisoners at a mass rally yesterday, marking the eighth anniversary of the revolution which toppled the former Arab sultanate. 