Site *?- . Friday, October 27, 1972 MORE POWER FOR THE N.T. GRANTED the bias of the Country Party for giving preferential treatment to areas and people upon which its continuance in power depends there is still some encouragement for the people of the Australian Capital Territory in the Government's decision to give the Northern Territory a larger measure of self government. While it is futile to reflect that if the ACT were a Country Party seat its progress toward self government would be of much greater concern to the Minister for the Interior it remains that advances made in the NT set a precedent which strengthens the case for autonomy in the ACT. The right of the NT to advance progressively toward full self-government is beyond dispute and the new steps offered to it by the Government are welcome. The details in the offer are negotiable and it is up to the people of the Territory and their elected representatives in the Legislative Council to make their views known. The offer includes the taking-over by the Legislative Council and an executive yet to be formed of specified functions over which they would have full control, the removal of the Administrator's and the Governor-General's power of veto over legislation in these areas, and responsibility for raising a reasonable proportion of the funds to pay for the services they would provide. An apparently inevitable corollary of the transfer of these functions would be increased charges and taxes on the people of the Territory. State-type revenue grants would be provided by the Commonwealth. Official members of the council would no longer take part in debates - the council now consists of 11 elected and six official members - but they would be retained to introduce legislation In areas kept under Common wealth control and to present the views of the Government. The Minister's proposals reserve to the Commonwealth the power of ultimate decision in matters concerning the Aborigines and the natural resources of the Territory which include mining, agriculture, fisheries, forestry, and'pastoral activities. ACT under - represented There may be disagreement over the extent of the powers which the Commonwealth wants to reserve to itself -- minerals and land are the really significant economic resources of the Territory -? but the Commonwealth's contention that it has a special responsibility in these areas is not unreasonable. As the development of the powers and the expertise and administrative machinery that go with executive responsibility must of necessity be a gradual process the argument can be only about the pace at which responsibility is transferred. The view of the Labor Party is that the process should be accelerated. The criticism voiced in Parliament by the Labor spokesman that the Minister's offer says nothing about giving Territory voters a voice in national referenda or representation in the Senate is more to the point. This criticism applies with even greater force to the ACT. The case for self-government in the ACT differs markedly for reasons of geography and because of the national aspects of the City of Canberra. Regrettably the citizens of Canberra have shown little preoccupation with the issue of self-government, in part because of their "immigrant" character. They have shown a capacity to take forceful and intelligent interest in public issues, however, and this newspaper believes that the sooner they demand and get the responsibility of managing their own affairs the better it will be for Australia. The ACT's claim to greater autonomy and increased political representation is in some respects much more cogent than that of the NT: Canberra has a population of about 158,400 and 81,500 electors; the NT has a population of 90,000 and about 25,350 electors. Without any form of effective local government at all and only one Member of Parliament the ACT is shamefully under-represented. THE COOKS, JAMES, JOERGEN ET AL. TP7HILE there are ships to be sailed and seas to be " crossed the man for the moment will make himself known. Such men were Eric the Red and his son Leif Ericson, Christopher Columbus, James Cook, Edward L. Beach, who commanded the Triton during the first underwater circumnavigation of the world, and others. Mow we hear for the first time of Joergen Christiansen, a lesser cook than James, perhaps, as he is only of the seagoing galley type, but a seaman, by golly!, and a man of courage, ambition, and audacity. Mr Christiansen, 28, cook of the 122-ton trawler Nordkap, cast off from Aberdeen and set sail alone through a roaring North Sea gale to find his way back to Denmark. Mr Christiansen, we are told, was realising a life-long ambition: his poor eyesight prevented him from seeking his seaman's tickets. His action resulted in a search-and-recover operation which has brought this weaving menace to navigation under control. It is almost certain that now he has brought the Nordkap safely into Danish waters he will be clapped in irons and stowed away, or whatever it is they do to mutinous sailors these days. Most people will see justice in this for the greater good, and they will be reassured by Mr Christiansen's shipmates who have suggested, perhaps uncharitably, that his adventure was triggered by spirits even more fiery than those that burn deep in his seaman's soul. Only the adventurers, and the dreamers, and those wild Vikings who first put the name Nordkapp to that symbolic point on the northernmost Scandinavian coastline and to many headlands elsewhere on those icy shores, will contend that Mr Christiansen ought to be treated with more respect than condemnation. 