THE FACE OF THE SAINT ON THE $5 NOTE "AUSTRALIA'S one saint and one legend", as Caroline Chisholm was described by a contemporary French writer, found no place in the dismal school history books of my remote childhood. Although celebrated enough to receive a letter from Australia, addressed with touching faith to "The Immigrant's Friend in England or elsewhere" she was forgotten or virtually forgotten for three- quarters of a century after she died, in what even an agnostic might call "holy poverty", at the time of the gold rush. In the contemporary stampede to acknowledge our debt to the past she has been offic- ially remembered. Neverthe- less one wonders how many Australians who use the Chis- holm stamp and $5 note trouble to inform themselves about the young woman whose image they carry. I notice that the standard life by Margaret Kiddle, excellent as it is, has been bor- rowed only nine times in five years from Civic Library. Nor is the present biogra phy — a far weightier study than its faintly silly title would suggest — likely to circulate more rapidly. Its purchaser, however, will find that he has made a pre- inflationary bargain for Mary Hogan with extraordinary in- dustry and no little dexterity has packed into its 436 pages almost enough social history and contemporary comment to fill two more spaciously print- ed octavo volumes. The woman who emerges (it must be confessed with some difficulty) from this com- pendium of intriguing know- ledge is remarkable for many things, including her almost heroic singleness of purpose. Reared by her North Country parents in the daily practice of charity (in a district stricken by the rural depression of the Napoleonic Wars) the little girl developed a lively compassion for those less fortunate than herself. What strikes one as extraordinary and God-given is the strength and consistency of her determination to serve them. At 22 she consented to marry a handsome officer of the East India Company only on condition that he would leave her free to do any philanthropic work she chose. Captain Chisholm fulfilled his promise with a devotion and a splendid disregard of expediency which almost makes him her spiritual equal. After being received into the Church of Rome, of which he was a member, she is believed to have experienced a divine revelation at an Easter mass which confirmed her in her life's vocation. Here and elsewhere in her story I find myself comparing and contrasting her with Florence Nightingale, who is known to have cited the career of the "universally esteemed Mrs Chisholm" in support of her struggle to do the work to which she in her turn believed that God had called her. Unlike the younger woman, Mrs Chisholm was no rebel. She had no need to be. Nor did she possess Miss Nightingale's commanding intellect and range of vision. She speaks, at least in her early days, very much in the approved accents of her time. Her address on opening a FIFTY-ONE PIECES OF WEDDING CAKE: A biography of Caroline Chisholm. By Mary Hohan. Lowden, Kilmore, Victoria. 436 pp. 56.90. Reviewer: MARGARET MASTERMAN. school for the little daughters of British privates she found foot-loose in the barracks on her arrival in Madras is an appeal to the children's better natures which Mrs Fairchild (with little Henry at her side) might have delivered in one of her more optimistic and endearing moments. Neither at this nor at any other time would Mrs Chis- holm accept payment for her work, at which she exhibited a genius akin to Florence Nightingale's for detailed organi- sation. In 1838, the Chisholms. with their two little sons and another coming, sailed on leave to Australia, liked the country and bought a small house in Windsor. From here, after her husband had been recalled to active service, his wife began the work which was to make her beloved, revered and occasionally ridiculed in two hemispheres. At that time of temporary depression labourers, although desperately needed inland, drifted workless and homeless in the Sydney streets. Foreseeably it was the plight of the immigrant girls (brought out on the then corrupt "bounty", system) which most deeply concerned Mrs Chisholm. These girls, if they did not get jobs soon after their arrival were dumped be- wildered and penniless (one, party of 40 had 14 shillings among them) into Sydney Town which, although it lacked other amenities, could offer fringe benefits of 31 brothels in its surrounding huts. Having observed a formidable breach in the immigration system, Mrs Chisholm resolutely and sedately stepped into it. She met the ships, introduced herself to the girls: "My name is Mrs Chisholm. I am here to help you if I can", won their confidence with her frequently recorded charm of manner, and if they were completely stranded, took them home with her to Windsor, where at one time she had 10 bedded down in her small house while she found employment for them on the surrounding farms. With a home and three small children (well cared for but miles from the scene of action) and without private means, "influence" or modern communications she contrived to wring a leaky rat-infested old barracks from the reluctant grasp of the Governor, Sir George Gipps and convert it into a refuge for as many as 90 immigrant girls and women. To this she attached a small school and a free registry office where she interviewed the clients and did the clerical work herself. Using transport provided by friendly bullockies she conducted parties of nervous and often extremely silly girls out from Sydney as far as Goul- burn and Yass. Some she placed on farms along the way, always parting from them with the assurance that she would remain their friend in time of need. Her correspondence was enormous. Press and people, especially country people, rallied to her and the legend of a youthful and beloved mother-figure, for whom, with her children, there was always free room at the inn, took shape. Like the Lady with the Lamp, however, the image was evocative, the real woman tough-minded. Against the advice of her many friends she prosecuted the captain and surgeon of the "Carthaginian" for gross ill- treatment of a simple girl in their charge and won her case. The officers in migrant ships were in future more carefully selected. At a time of strong anti- Catholic prejudice she won Protestant support by her unfailing determination to care impartially for the needy of any religious persuasion or of none. Even Dr Lang, that splendid monster of religious intolerance who built Scots Church and brought out families rendered destitute by the "Highland Clearances", believed in her integrity when he was in her presence. Out of it he attacked her as an unwitting agent of the Church of Rome. At the end of her first year she had, according to her own reckoning, served 2,000 people and reclaimed 70 prostitutes. Set against Mr Gladstone's one Fallen Woman, raised by the Grand Old Man's exertions of a lifetime to a level of precarious respectability, 70 reformed prostitutes in one year is a remarkable credit to Mrs Chisholm's feminine realism and powers of persuasion. Certainly she had the advantage over Mr Gladstone in the alternative way of life (a reasonable job and a willing husband) which she could hold out to her girls in a colony where working conditions were tolerable and the shortage of women was a serious human problem. Later, when her mission took her with her family to England, the horrors of the Industrial Revolution, of the Irish Famine and, of the Highland Clearances strengthened her conviction that people of character and initiative were better off out of the Old Country helping to build the new. Choosing to live among the poor of Islington she tramped day by day to the Colonial oftice to press for reforms in the system of immigration. She forgathered with the great reformers of the day and kept open house to working people. Using information she had gathered in New South Wales she traced children the settlers had been forced to leave behind and dispatched them from English and Irish workhouses to farms in Australia. As a part of her scheme for family immigration she chartered ships in which the meticulously planned and humane conditions set a vastly improved standard for government vessels. Having begun life a philanthropist in the best Victorian tradition, she ended it a radical in spirit, and after her return to Australia became the champion of the small farmer against the squatter, thereby forfeiting the support of the powerful Australian establishment. Mary Hogan's biography, which is obviously inspired by devotion to its subject, is full of fascinating historical material — too full, for she is singularly unselective. If the book had been half as long it would have been twice as informative. A DARK AND DIRTY TRADE IT is time that Rudyard Kipling s "five and twenty gentlemen trotting through the dark" should be laid to rest forever and F. F. Nich- oll's book on English smugg- ling attempts to do just that. Drawing heavily on contem- porary records, especially of court proceedings, he builds up a convincing case against any sentimental notions of honest thieves that his readers might, or might not, entertain. rhe major portion of his volume on the activities of "free traders" — and smugglers refrained from using any more pejorative term than this — is devoted to the climactic years of the eighteenth century. However, to emphasise the changes that the smuggling profession had undergone he spends some time on the ear- lier history of a wav of life which, especially in the southern counties, often proved more attractive than humdrum farming and certainly more lucrative. Earlier smugglers, as with their descendants, were mostly landsmen whose exploits, according to Mr Nicholls, make less savoury reading than their more dashing and less numerous seafaring counterparts. The "owlers" of the Middle Ages, well known to Chaucer, were essentially exporters of wool. Government statutes favoured the clothier rather than the wool grower and prices were artificially def- lated. Unsalaried government agents were expected to main- tain themselves with fines and the system was no more efficient in policing export of wool than later preventative measures against illegal im- ports. Kent, Sussex and Hamp- shire had had a long tradition of favoured treatment. Had not the Cinque Ports statute of Edward III (1278) granted ports like Rye ancient rights of free trading? Long after their services to the Crown ended, the notion lingered that, being far enough away from Westminster, Kent or Sussex ports were entitled by divine right to dispense with inconvenient brakes on buying and selling. English trading laws were often more than inconvenient. That apostle of free trade, |Adam Smith, firmly claimed that the smuggler would have been an "excellent citizen had not the laws of his country made that a crime which na- ture never meant to be so". Arguments from "nature" aside, the high duties and punitive measures are highly correlated with smuggling, although often as much a result as a cause. Revenue officers, men in the wilderness, were often so- litary frightened men incapable of preventing a run. Frequently senile, indolent or corrupt, some were far from sure where their principal loyalties lay: as often as not they changed sides. With such ...eak patrolling the continued history of smuggling is not surprising. Mr Nicholls jumps, a little disconcertingly, from the HONEST THIEVES: the Violent Heyday of English Smuggling. By F. F. Nicholls. Heinemann. 226 pp. $8.70. Reviewer: VERONICA M. SEN. Middle Ages to the major period of his narrative, the eighteenth century. In the 1740s new mercantile laws contributed to increasing violence by exacerbating the bitterness which smugglers felt towards revenue men and, even more significantly, towards informers whose prospects were made more attractive. Bv this time, too, the centre of gravity had shifted from wool export to import of luxury items like spirits and tea. Severe reductions of duty on tea (again raised after the crippling expense of the Seven Years' War) threatened clandestine dealers with ruin. Not only was their run dangerous but loss of former high rewards made them even more desperate. This, coupled with the fact that they were nearly always half-drunk, probably explains the peculiarly bloodthirsty heyday that Mr Nicholls describes. The middle of the eighteenth century marks the high point of English smuggling as well as of the career of the Hawkhurst gang to whose exploits the author devotes half the book. By now the English smuggler relied less on subtlety and concealment than on surprise, violence and overwhelming strength. The network of operators ranging from minor gentry, through agents to labourers at offloading points relied largely on corruption and intimidation. Not all villages were like the town of Goudhurst which met their threats with superior force and wits. This section of the book scotches any romantic picture of plucky cavaliers. In its stead is the image of a large industry handling vast amounts of goods, involving dozens of ships, hundreds of men and horses and thousands of pounds in gold. That Mr Nicholls dwells at great length and so disproportionately on the Hawkhurst gang over a short period, 1747-1748, can be justified only on the grounds that their manner of operation typifies the worst of a bad era. Hawkhurst Is a sleepy town on the Kentish weald en route to Rye and Hastings; the men who worked from this focal town became a by-word for reprisal and utter cruelty. Leaving aside such crimes as the slow drowning of revenue men their most striking murders involved two old men who had unwillingly turned Crown witnesses. The gang had retrieved a cargo of impounded tea from Poole customs house and, considering the slow working of British justice at the time, their brutal revenge was perhaps unnecessary. In immense detail and, one suspects, with considerable relish, Mr Nicholls describes the tortures and deaths of two poor, silly old men who had boasted of knowing the "gentlemen". One was buried alive while the other survived for a while to be beaten, half-strangled, thrown down a well and, finally (being of incredible stuff) crushed under two logs. Most of the Hawkhurst men, and this seems a habit peculiar to the breed, died with moral speeches of warning on their lips. Their impeachment reads as an anticlimax as does the account of the upsurge of smuggling in the jobless aftermath of the Napoleonic War. Mr Nicholls relies heavily on contemporary accounts, as well as some lively prints, to give his narrative an air of authenticity and vividness. His bibliography shows few departures from standard texts as he is content with exploring in detail the most spectacular era of smuggling, rather than creating a full portrait of the "industry". Few readers will leave that aspect of British history with their illusions intact. A GREAT EDITOR 'KINGSLEY' by C. H. Rolph (Gollancz, 413pp $10.90) is a rambling, anecdotal and compulsively readable biography of Kingsley Martin, editor of the New Statesman from 1930 to 1960. It extends, explains and provides perspective for the lively portrait of Martin in 'The New Statesman: The History of the First Fifty Years, 1913- 1963' by Edward Hyams and Martin's own self-denigratory volumes of autobiography, 'Father Figures' and 'Editor!' Kingsley Martin lacked many of the qualities expected of good journalists. He was inaccurate, a ditherer, and largely ignorant of trade unions, industry, economics and education. He was penny- pinching with contributors, disloyal to his staff and a poor chairman of editorial conferences. Nevertheless he was a great editor. He was the son of a congregational minister and he inherited the dissenter's burden of social guilt. He became an agnostic but couldn't let God alone. He fought clear of the pulpit in the church but made another for himself in the editor's chair at the New Statesman. With a mixture of commonsense and moral fervour he turned the weekly into the most powerful dissenting views paper in England. He was a man of great doubts. He agonised over little decisions and often changed his mind on big ones. But it was his agonising that made him the articulate conscience of a generation of socialists and idealists in Britain. Mr Rolph has written a diverting profile rather than a good biography. His book is packed with absorbing anecdotes. It shows that there were many sides to his subject, but the story lacks structure and the authority of the professional historian is sadly miss- ing. MAURICE DUNLEVY 'Hocus Pocus', Halfden Rasmussen's nonsense rhymes, have been translated from the Danish by Peter Wesley-Smith. The book is illustrated by lb Spang Ilsen, winner of the Hans Christian Andersen award, 1971. The picture above shows "My pa- can wore his nostril blue/Above the clock's tick-ticking"; but there are plenty of trolls, animals and odd characters in this collection. (Angus and Robertson, 53.25). A CLUBBISH CHRONICLE OF AUSTRALIAN RULES "WE don't normally review books on sport in our literary pages", said the lady as she offered me this book for review. One acknowledges that such is the case; one also wonders why. Participation, involvement and interest in sport it at least at extensive as in the subject matter of most of the books that are reviewed on these pages: love, war, crime and so on. More than that, sport has, as one writer once put it, the power, like love and music, to make men happy. Grown men, beardless youth, the gentler sex even, know the heights of rapture and the depths of despair that flow from interest in sport but so far this aspect of the human experience has failed to find adequate literary or even historical expression. Writing about cricket is perhaps an exception where the work of Cardus, Ross, Ar- lott, the West Indian C.L.R. James and, on a more down- to-earth level, that of Ray Robinson can lay claim to literary excellence. But football, which in all its codes has the greatest following of any sport in the world, awaits even its Neville Cardus. Perhaps it is impossible to capture in words the concentrated, violent, swiftly-changing pattern that characterises any of the varied forms of football. It may be that its devotees are less literary minded than those who follow cricket and could not appreciate good writing on the game even if it were available. In Britain Arthur Hopcraft, the late "Old International", and Geoffrey Green have tried to bring elegance and sensitivy to football reporting; in New Zealand Terry McLean and in France, Denis Lalanne, stand out among writers on Rugby, but the popular Press on football is a desert of cliche, gimmick and flapdoodle. Recently, in Melbourne, a football writer who used the word "Gotterdammerung" had to add an explanatory footnote to his piece, then, the next day, had to apologise for his lapse and promise never to do it again. Books on the game are generally equally devoid of the merit that a pursuit so import- THE NORTH STORY. By Gerard P. Dowling. Hawthorn Press. 358 pp. $7.95. Reviewer: W. F. MANDLE tant in so many lives should command. Interest in football is no more trivial than an interest in murder cases or in homosexual affairs in twentieth-century Cambridge, but no one has yet really come forward to render articulate the feelings of those who genuinely and without shame say, and they are legion, that they love football. It is fair to say that even after Father Dowling's history of the North Melbourne Australian Rules football club we still await football's Macaulay or even its Ray Robinson. The fact that the author is a priest gives rise to unkind thoughts in a reviewer's mind. He thinks of medieval monkish chroniclers going steadily through history year by year, event by event, boringly and monotonously. He thinks of hagiographers making of their subjects men without sin or flaw. He thinks of works of piety. He is not, faced with this book, wrong to do so, for 'The North Story' is chronicle, hagiograph and work of piety. The first part of the book tells year by sub-headed year the doings of North Melbourne over 100 seasons. From time to time a single, symbolic game, for instance North's only Grand Final appearance, in 1950, is singled out for extended treatment that fails to rise much above the level of a Saturday night Sporting Globe report. Second, we get a section entitled 'The Greats' which takes the warts and blemishes off some 40-odd players and officials. Finally we get a small statistical section, followed by a good index. The industry and devotion are praiseworthy, but as a history the book fails. North Melbourne, even Father Dowling would agree, is not one of the great clubs of the VFL; until 1925 it was in fact in the VFA, the poor relations of Australian Rules football ia Melbourne. Until very recently it has seemed itself a poor relation in the league, unable to look back, as South Melbourne can, to days of glory in the 1930s or, as even Foot- scray can, to a premiership. Its very ground, at Arden Street, symbolises the "battling" element at North. It is dominated by a gas-holder, high-rise council flats and light industrial workshops, highly reminiscent of a north- country English soccer ground. Against no other league team has it won more games than it has lost, it has claimed the wooden spoon 13 times and was last in the final series in 1958. To explain these things should have been Father Dowling's task, to place North in its context of working-class battling, yet he is always at pains to emphasise the short- lived glories, the blighted promise, the potential that was never realised. As might have been expected, depression years were disastrous for North: they are passed over in 10 pages. This lack of a frame of social reference is everywhere apparent, from his account of the early days of football in Melbourne when enthusiasm ran far higher than in England, the reputed birthplace of modern football, to the present, where a take-over by middle-class professional men has brought Barassi as coach and Wade, Davis and Rantall as high-cost imports to the club. Father Dowling had the chance to write social history, but he has ignored all but the sporting papers and sporting columns. It is the obverse of the error most historians of modern society fall into: they never turn to the back pages. Football, being so closely geared to the lives of ambitious men, and of the people, is sensitive to and conditioned by changing social circumstances. It occupies so much of modern mass man's attention that it deserves the historian's, and the sociologist's, attention. There is room for chronicle in football annuals and the like but histories of football clubs should be histories of localities, of men and of people, of boom and depression, of the fabric of life itself It is a lot to ask, but football, to the writer and to tha historian, has a lot to give. 