AT HOME . . . with Margaret Sydney One of the nicest things about writing a column like this is that you get scads of letters on such diverse subjects. Margaret Sydney LETTERS from personal friends have fairly standard contents — holiday plans, moans about teenage children, news of mutual friends. Letters from readers are really far more exciting, because they range all the way in subject matter from cabbages to kings, and raise such fascinating questions as why the sea is boiling hot, and whether pigs have wings. Answering them is another matter. I go through periods of extreme virtue, when I answer letters within 24 hours. These are followed by periods of extreme vice when I put them aside, thinking I'll let them mount up and then spend a whole day answering them. Inevitably some of these don't get answered. At the moment I'm tormented by an empty stamped and addressed envelope from a Mr., Mrs., or Miss Airnsworth-Schofield in another State. It has a six-cent stamp on it, which means I've had it a heck of a long time. There's a 60 percent chance that it came in one of my virtuous periods, and that the prompt answer went off in one of my own envelopes. There's a 40 percent chance it arrived in one of my periods of vice. Eight, ten, 12 years ago. I wrote a piece about the pros and cons of husbands being present in labor wards, and a deluge of letters came in. proving it was a subject no one fell lukewarm about. Six weeks ago I wrote a piece in support of "Waltzing Matilda" as a national anthem, and to my surprise this proves to be something women feel equally strongly about. Briefly, what I said was: Down with boastful or warlike anthems and, for want of anything better, up with "Waltzing Matilda" because the rest of the world thinks it's our anthem anyway, because it's gay, confident, individual, and immensely memorable. Three sorts of letters came in — violently anti, violently pro, and a large number who want new words put to "Waltzing Matilda's" tune. On the basis of these letters. I think we've got a poll as comprehensive as any I've seen so far, and the voting comes out like this: Against W.M. — 30 percent For W.M. — 40 percent For W. M. music, new words — 30 percent. I found that interesting, especially as regards the music. If that's a representative vote, 70 percent want the "Waltzing Matilda" tune, and it's going to be uphill work persuading them to take anything else to their hearts. I have no figures on how many want to keep "God Save" as our anthem, because nobody wrote proposing that it should be retained. Now for some of the opinions. Where's the praise and glory to our beautiful country? ANTI. Very crisp, and to the point. 'I think it's a shocking thing to think of 'Waltzing Matilda' as an anthem for Australia. "If we can't think better than that, well, we may as well forget it. "It's too dreary: I can't stand it: and I for one wouldn't like it." The beginning of another letter, longer, but equally anti, and supporting "Advance Australia Fair": "You cannot possibly be Australian, no dinky di Aussie would want 'Waltzing Matilda' for their national anthem. I would cringe with mortification if the powers that be chose that jingle for our anthem." I feel bound to answer that one. I am an Australian, and fifth generation to boot if you happen to have a boot handy. And from another supporter of "Advance Australia Fair": "I love the song 'Waltzing Matilda' but, after all, what praise and glory does it offer our beautiful country? It tells the story of a poor thing who commits suicide! Nice tune, good fun, but not an anthem . . . of course, Margaret, your choice is your own to make, but many women take heed of your column, so let's have more letters, more opinions, if possible, through your 'At Home'." PRO. The pro people didn't have much to say about "Waltzing Matilda," except that they loved it, and wanted it. Several sent me the titles of different books that had information about the origin and history of its words and music. NEW WORDS. W.M. MUSIC. A number of readers sent me the words Jack O'Hagan wrote, they're too long to print in full, and there's a bit of variation in the choruses people have sent me, but try this version out, sung, as one reader puts it "in a rather slower, and more majestic way:" God bless Australia, our land Australia. Home of the Anzac, the brave and the free, It's our homeland, our own land, to cherish for eternity. God bless Australia, the land of the free. One more opinion, from someone who doesn't profess to be what one of my rude English friends always refers to as "you dinks." She describes herself as "an old immigrant." and she writes about my reference to the Danish anthem. " 'King Christian' is not the Danish National Anthem, but what we in Denmark call 'The Royal Anthem,' played on occasions when the King and Queen are present. "It was written from an old legend of how the Danes got their flag. King Christian (I think it was the fourth) was fighting the British navy in the Kattegat. The Danes seemed to have little hope of winning the battle, when suddenly from the sky a red cloth with a white cross fell right at the King's feet. "The King took it as a sign from heaven, held it high over his head, encouraging his men, and thus won the battle. It is possible the world knows this song better than the national anthem because, during the Occupation of Denmark, the Danes sang and played it on every possible occasion . . . "I might have a fair few immigrants behind me when I say I would like, through the anthem, to sing out my pride and my love for my second motherland. "On many an occasion it would be blasphemy, I think, to use the original words to 'Matilda'. It is not in joy only, but also in sorrow we use the anthem, and I think that many of you Australians deserve much better than just to be regarded as 'a jolly swagman.' As a song, words and tune match perfectly, but as an anthem, please let us get new words. " 