uiDBip neais ■ VIETNAM . BANGKOK,. Monday (AAP). — Former South Vietnamese 1 president "Big" Minh,' released from custody tiy the Vietcong, has said he is "happy to become ... a citizen of an indepen dent Vietnam", Associ ated Press reported; He was. released along with 15 other government fig ures, including former Prime Minister Mr Vu Van Mau, according to a report on Liberation Radio. A representative of the metropolitan Saigon Mili tary Committee announced the decision to free General Minh, Cabinet ministers and senators and expressed "hope that they would con tribute to the reconstruction of the country according to their capabilities", the broadcast said. After the' announcement, General Minh and the others met members of the new government ".in a relax ed manner" at a Presi dential Palace reception. The former officials were full of praise for the Viet cong, according to another - Liberation Radio broadcast. \- PARIS, Monday (AAP). — The French Foreign Ministry said today that diplomatic reports from Sat gon-Ho Chi Minh City in dicated that foreigners in the city were being well treated and could travel ■throughout the capital with out restriction. ' "We have been receiving very positive reports as to the general atmosphere in Saigon", a spokesman eaid in Paris. "All foreigners are being well-treated and there have been no incidents as far as we know. The situation is very calm". ■ Steady stream to US continues SAN FRANCISCO, Monday (AAP). — Re fugees from South Viet nam continued to pour eastward ' across the Paci fic today, on their way to take, up new lives in a land that/will be very alien to' some of them, United Press International reported.' Th« last group of 60,000 steamed toward Guam and another 11.000 spent last night sleeping in three relo cation centers in the United States. An estimated 17,000 refu gees were on Guam, the first step on US territory for most. More tents are being built to accommodate the 60,000 refugees expected within the • week and officials on Guam have sent .out-an appeal for 40,000 sets of chopsticks. Mr Edward O'Connor, of the Immigration Service, said, "So far we'have en-, countered no criminal types, no narcotic types and no undesirables". The sea evacuation, one of the biggest in history, en tered its final phase yester day when 11 US Navy ships — part of an armada of more than 40' — anchored in Subic Bay, the Philip pines, with 27,000 refugees. The refugees were being flown on 2,400 kilometres to ' the;island of Guam. WASHINGTON, Mon day (AAP-Reuter). ' — Democrat Senator George McGovern has said 90 per cent of the thousands of South Vietnamese refugees to be resettled in the United States would be better off going back home. Senator McGovern, a for mer presidential candidate, said last night he. would in troduce legislation in the Senate to provide ships and aircraft for any refugees who wanted to return. _ Congressmen will ques tion the director of the refugee task force today about the cost of resettling the refugees in the US. The Ford Administration says it wants a Bill providing the equivalent of $A370 million over six months for the pro gram, but some congres sional sources say the cost will be nearer $A555 million. t ' - ; HONGKONG, Monday (AAP-Rettlr/).. — About ■ '4,400 South Vietnamese refugees picked tip by a passing Danish freighter ■ from a sinking South Viet namese ship on Friday ar r""d in Hong Kong last night. A police spokesman said the refugees, included more than 1,000 children — three of them newlDrn, babies — and 200 men believed to be soldiers of the former Sai gon Government. T w e n t y-six ' refugees neded medical attention and were taken to. hospital in ambulances immediately on arrival. 