Vietnamese refugees: they want to lead a satisfying life By HAROLD W, FRY THE number of refugees of the Indo-China wars who live in transit camps in countries of South-East Asia and on islands in the Pacific is now, according to reports, about 60,000. Of the total of more than 200,000 who have fled Viet nam, Laos, and Cambodia since the communist victories, Australia has taken between 500 and 600, not counting the few hundreds of Vietnamese, mainly students, who were al ready in the country. Many hundreds, perhaps thousands, more are hoping to come to Australia. Some have applied for permission to come but they have been turned down even if they have rela- tives here or if they can show lhat they had been promised asylum in Australia. Australia's refusal was in- spired by the then Govern- ment's, and particularly Mr Whitlam's, dislike of so-called right-wing influences and the fear of incurring the displeasure of the communist leaders in Hanoi. There were also economic and racial motives: unemploy- ment is high, money is scarce to house and feed penniless migrants, and the Vietnamese, the Laotians and the Cam- bodians are not white. In Hong Kong between 1,500 and 2,000 Vietnamese have been living in cramped quar- ters, with insufficient food for which they have to queue up every day, and who are a physical embarrassment to the colony. Many of them are clamouring for permission to come to Australia. The lack of housing and jobs in Australia is a more under- standable reason but even it does not stand up to close examination. The vast majority or the Vietnamese refugees who are now in Australia come from rural areas. They would prefer to live and work on a piece of land rather than lead idle lives in hostels at the expense of the Government or work in an alien environment at labouring jobs for which they are not fitted. No provision Some of the 200-or-so Viet- namese who live at the East Hills Commonwealth Hostel near Liverpool on the outskirts of Sydney have suggested to Social Security officials that they be permitted to do this, but they were told no provision had been made for this kind of thing. One of the refugees, Miss Dang Thi Lan, a slender, strik- ingly attractive girl with big black eyes who worked seven years for the Americans in South Vietnam, told me when I visited the camp that nothing would make her happier then to work on the land. Her fiance, who lives at the same hostel, had to give up a labouring job that was beyond his physical capacity. A total of about 30 adults in the camp have found labouring jobs in metropolitan Sydney. On the day I visited them with some friends from Can- berra they sat in a circle on plastic chairs in the improvised chapel at the hostel to talk to us, or crowded into one room of a flat occupied by a former lieutenant-colonel in the South Vietnamese Air Force, Mr Dinh Quoc Hung, and his family. Some who are students in Australia under the Colombo Plan or who had worked for the Americans in Vietnam con- versed easily in English and translated the rapid, modulated Vietnamese of the others. Atmosphere The Vietnamese are small of stature, deeply sensitive, at ease in the presence of strangers, thoughtful of others' feelings, anxious not to offend, and full of an unobtrusive charm. While at the hostel they re- ceive unemployment benefits out of which they pay $15 a week rent. Life at the hostel is pleasant enough, the grounds are attractive and well kept, and they say they have been treated with more generosity and kindliness in Australia than anywhere else. The institutional atmosphere of a hostel soon palls, however, and their thoughts turn anx- iously to a future career in a strange land and to the needs of the children. Any hopes of ever owning an "Australian" house are dismissed as an im- possible dream. Allowing Vietnamese, of rural origin to create their own self reliant communities on leases of Crown land not far from a town or city, preferably in the tropical climate of northern Queensland, would reduce the financial burden their main- tenance imposes on the Federal Government. For a people who value high- ly family and clan ties this would be a much more satis- factory kind of life than exist- ing on the perphiery of a great metropolis. Immigrants are expected to try to adapt to the life style of the host country, but the host country cannot demand or ex- pect instantaneous adjustment. There is in the uprooting of people in the tragic circum- Three of the Vietnamese refugees at the East Hills Commonwealth Hostel in Sydney: Dang Thi Lan with eight-year-old Bui Manh Hung, left, and seven-year-old Nguyen Thi Ha. stances of war, a wrenching trauma that Australians living secure in their own homes are quite incapable of under- standing. In New Zealand a govern- ment scheme called Ohu (a Maori word meaning to work together as a communal group) provides Crown leases in rural areas for people who wish to live differently. A permanent working com- mittee has been set up to co- ordinate Ohu proposals. Tenants are given a temporary lease for one year and, once established are offered 10-year leases with rights of renewal. If the current threat to the affluent life style of Western societies really is a structural problem of lasting significance, as is alleged by some observers, the need to develop economical and practical alternatives will be increasingly felt. Evidence on all sides shows that the costs of building human settlements in Australia on traditional lines are running riot. The Melbourne Board of Works reported in September 1975 that the city of Melbourne would need 500,000 houses by the year 2001. At $20,000 per house the cost of the houses alone would be $10,000 million, to say nothing of the cost of land and services and of inter- est charges. The causes of inflation, an endemic weakness of capitalist economies, may perhaps be found in an ever-increasing sup- ply of money circulating at ac- celerating rates; in the practical impossibility of keeping costs ana wages in balance; and in the lack of a standard of value to keep currencies stable. But inflation is certainly rooted ultimately in the nature of man more than in anything else, particularly in his in- ordinate craving to acquire more and more material goods and in his ever-increasing tendency to rely on others to supply his needs instead of aim- ing at being self-sufficient at least in some respects. The adoption of simpler, more self-reliant, ways of life may thus become not a matter of choice but one of necessity. Some of the older Asian so- cieties, particularly the Viet- namese, offer examples we could emulate with advantage. One serious error made by the previous Government in the enforcement of criteria govern- ing the eligibility of Vietnamese refugees for admission to Australia has been the delibe- rate exclusion of representatives of the professions. Doctors who have applied for permission to come to Australia have been re- fused. Unbalanced The result is that the refu- gees most of whom do not speak English, cannot go to a doctor or a lawyer who speaks their language. This imbalance in the intake of migrant commu- nities is contrary to all the canons of a rational immigra- tion program, as the Depart- ment of Immigration well knows. The new coalition. Govern- ment now has the opportunity of rectifying the faults it point- ed out in the previous Govern- ment's attitude to the refugees of the Indo-China wars. Settling people with a tradi- tion of rural life and hard work on productive land in Australia would not be an innovation. Much of the United States and Canada, and indeed Australia, was successfully settled in that way. A different version of this system produced flourishing, self-sufficient communities of Indians in Uruguay, Argentina, Paraguay, California, and New Mexico that lasted from 1609 to 1767, when the Jesuit priests who had founded them were expelled from Latin America. Settlements of this kind in Australia should not be left to their own devices. They would need assistance in the way of seed, fertiliser, and some machinery, and would have to be introduced to the require- ments of Australian citizenship. The Vietnamese can build a traditional house with natural timber and thatch in one day. Schools on the settlements or in neighbouring towns would educate the children, who would quickly adapt to a new way of life. With good planning, under- standing, and constant commu- nication on the part of the authorities a venture of this kind might be a constructive, economical, and practical al- ternative to haphazard in- tegration with much trauma in an alien environment or to a demoralising existence in a government hostel. The East Hills refugees were rescued by a Danish freighter, from an overcrowded and stricken ship that was drifting aimlessly. They had been three days and three nights without food or water and with barely; enough room to stand or sit. They recall the fate of a woman in despair who jumped overboard or that of a rich general lying sick in a bunk and who was left by his relatives to go down with the ship. Now that the euphoria bred by freedom in a friendly envi- ronment is wearing off they will, be prey to the demoralising in- fluence of inactivity in a hostel. And they seek emotional com- fort in the company of their own kind. A quarter-century of war has disrupted the fabric of life in Vietnam but for centuries. before the village had been the primary social cell. It was also an essentially democratic in- stitution. A village was formed by a group of "patriarchal families" whose members had the same family name. It was an economic and religious commu- nity which derived much of its character from the cult of the ancestors. Unemployment and begging, did not exist in old Vietnam. Each village had to provide for all of its inhabitants. The deep, almost mystical attachment of villagers to their native land has been described as a kind of "spiritual socialism". Live trend Allowing 5,000 to 6,000 more refugees from the Indo-China wars to settle in Australia and to adopt here a life style as similar as is practicable to what they are used to would neither impoverish Australia nor in- troduce in this country dis- ruptive. social tensions. The development of alterna- tive life styles already is a live trend in Australia and New Zealand. A number of groups exist which are willing to ex- change the brick-veneer bun- galow with its kerbing and gut- tering, telephone cables, swim- ming pools, irrigated lawns, television screens — and mort- gages, high rates, instalment buying, and financial anxiety — for a more simple but self reliant way of life. 