Our own show? Seeing State Im migration and Ethnic Affairs Minister Walter Jona’s . parti cipation in the re cent opening of Mel bourne’s Chinatown, brought a similar, thought ' . We know we can’t pro vide or need such" a permanent ‘expo’, but how would a combined Jewish project go over with exhibits of our cul tural, religious, artistic, functional, trade and re creational activities! A properly co-ordinat ed- project of represen tative proportions, appro . priately manned, promot ed and catalogued, would create considerable in terest, enlightenment and goodwill in the general community. It could be held over (say) a week’s duration, in the spacious appoint ments of one of our communal centres or ex hibition venues. ★ "We have become a fund-raising society, one in which our heroes are no longer, the learned but those who sign the biggest cheques.” A visiting speaker at the Jewish Communal Appeal (J.C.A.) in Syd ney, ■ ★ “It is not only false but Intellectually dis honest to characterise a legitimate expression of concern about aspects of Soviet policy as ‘kicking the communist can1.” — Mr. Andrew Pea cock, Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs, in an ad dress at Hawthorn Town Hall (Aug. 20). ★ Jerusalem, is the site for the First World Jewish Film and Tele vision Festival, October 24-31. Special, reduced rate' for the eight days, for accommodation and fares is £175. (From London). 'J'HE USS Truxton may have caused concern in certain sections of the general community, , but held no such fears for . the Lubavitcher Rebbe and his local Chabad Youth. Rebbe’s reps, boarded the U.S. atomic warship during its Melbourne visit to seek out Lieuten ant Goldstein as part of the Australia-wide Mezu ' zah campaign. And where on an 'atomic warship would you nail a Mezuzah? Almost anywhere, with such proteksia.... ★ that par last week about the ‘sporting Liberals’ brought further enlightenment, from offi. cial source, who suggest ed, the Temple ministry and leadership has an unbeatable ‘brain and brawn’ combination: Minister—Rev. Claude Schwarz, holder of black belt, Karate and former Maccabi soccer player. _ Ba’al Koreh—Mr. Sam Zelman, former heavy weight wrestler from Israel. Cantor—Mr. G. Suss man, executive member Cantor—Mr. L ter, Rhodes Schol; Pres.—Mr. P. man, well known cricketer. : ■ .. JT was close. A week and i separated all thoi i-ariton supporter the unenviable cl Rosh Hashahah •grand final. But the Barass and his Arden St. crew had other ideas, and last Saturday tipped the Blues out of the grand final. . ■ Dare one suggest there was an Upper Hand in it? - ■' ■ ...: . Arsenal, our favourite U.K. first division soccer team and a club; with con siderable Jewish backing; and support, scored 3-1: over Everton last week end. The 'Gunners’, who didn't do too well last year, are in early third place in the competition table. Thought we’d get in before they slide. . . Danish Jews have been upset by the touring Hapoel Beersheba (Israel) team who played a Copenhagen football side on Shabbat Rabbi Bent Melchior, Chief Rabbi of Denmark, explained there was no objection in principle to playing football and other sports on the Sab bath, but such games are forbidden when ad mission fees are charged and because players used transport to and from the matches. MIT of a rumpus in the UJC., that dis cussions about what one may or may not do on the Sabbath being no longer simply absurd, but ‘‘more suited to the script of the ‘Monty Python plying Circus’,” accord ing to one correspondent . A rabbi argued whether a fridge motor must be running before the door may be opened on the Shabbat. Suggestion came that the problem: be. avoided by removing the light bulb from the fridge be fore Shabbat and also re move the motor, so that no current at all will be consumed- wt*^ tte •ridge is switched on! NewcastleW) Jewish National Fund: functions committee celebrated a special silver anniversary —? we 25th year of one .f"^rts;;best fund-raising - Its football pools' cash spinner since 1B5I has raised £25,000 for Israeli The: scheme has '232 members who put in £10 a football season. .. Half the mdney raised goes tOsthe prizewinners, the other 50% is given to Israel,: . v' ■ 'C. Silver indeed. V . , . ★ ’ Arab oil mterests have been buying lip big ' in United Kingdom com merce, -hotels; and real estate. 1 . .. the reaction that It’s the Arabs who are the colonialists, and - Britain the colony! ., \- * ACCORDING to the Txmdon Daily Tele graph, an Arab in. tradi. tional dress and £ • sur rounded by his large family; was observed in' a departure lounge at Heathrow Airport busily da aoA •-' '?*% ., aumIm . ^.Z*. engaged in cutting out the labels, of Maras & Spencer garments. Collector heard of an antique Seder. Plate for sale and phoned the owner to ask if he could V 'see..it. “Are you." Jewish?*’ came the first' question “Yes,” he said. “Are you froom,” came: the next question, ; “Not;particularly," came the reply.', ■ " ■ v “Good," was: the ans wer, "then: you can' come and see it Saturday." : Oyerhear^tyro young-' sters; discussing the smoking baa from Nov. 15 on .public transport. “Would that include school buses,” one want ed to know. ’ 