ACT 'has no system9 of trained interpreters There was no proper system of trained in terpreters available to community groups dealing with migrant problems, Senator Ryan (Lab, ACT) said yesterday. She said she fully supported a statement last Wednesday by the ACT Council of Social Service in The Canberra Times that migrant children in Can berra suffered educational disadvantages. The council had reported in a working paper on 'Immigration Problems and Needs in the ACT* that there had been "little endeavour" by the school system to include courses in major languages and cultures of immigrants. Senator Ryan said, "However, the problems of Two-city service A multi-lingual information service will open tonight to help solve personal problems faced by members of ethnic communities in Canberra and Queanbeyan. The centrc, run on volunteer labour, will operate from 5.30pm to 9pm on week nights at 1 Farrer Place, Queanbeyan, diagonally opposite Queanbeyan post office. It will provide Spanish and Serbo-Croat in terpreters on Monday nights; Italian, Finnish and Danish on Tuesdays; German, Polish, Ukrainian and Macedonian on Wednesdays; Greek on Thursdays; and French and Portuguese on Fridays. In emergencies, staff at the centre will make telephone contact possible with interpreters able to speak a total of 27 languages. A spokesman for the Multilingual Information Centre, Mr Joaquim Alberto, said the service would extend to members of the ethnic community in Canberra. In three months another centre would open in Canberra for them. Information and aid in solving problems in legal, hire-purchase, pension and general fields will be offered. The Commissioner for Community Relations, Mr Grassby will be among those at the opening tonight. non-English-speaking adult migrants arc much worse". "During the past few months, I have sought information from the ACT Police Force, the ACT Health Commission, the ACT Legal Aid Office and the housing and welfare branch of the Department of the Capital Territory regarding the language assistance they provide to migrants", Senator Ryan said. "The replies confirmed migrants' complaints: there is no proper system of trained interpreters available to the authorities". The time had come to set up an interpreter translator service employing staff on a full-time basis. 