ibu5h1e55 & economic i a prime minister's downfall Dodging Israel's currency laws From MARCUS ELIASON, in Tel Aviv Americans may think the us dollar is not what it used to be, but in Israel it is coveted enough to have caused the downfall of a Prime Minister. The Prime Minister, Mr Yitzhak Rabin announced last week that he would resign after il was disclosed that he and his wife, like thousands of other Israelis, kept an illegal dollar account in a US bank. Had it not been a Prime Minister who committed the offence, it might have gone unnoticed. For over the years it has become almost common practice to dodge Israel s stiff foreign currency regulations. Ignored as they are, these regulations seem vital for the dollar-starved economy. The national foreign debt is SUS3.000 (SA2.730) per Israeli, al most triple what it was in 1970. Defence needs Foreign currency reserves — the amount of hard . cash in Israel's Treasury — total $A 1,040 million. Much of the money goes for defence needs, like F-15 warplanes that cost SA22.5 million each. But a lot goes on importing luxury goods for the expanding Israeli middle class. Stores offer everything from American peanut butter to Cadillacs to Danish furniture, all at double the factory price because of customs. Israeli's have gotten used to a high living standard, says a university professor. But things are getting worse' and they should be giving up luxuries. A variety of regulations exist under the overall supervision of foreign currency law. But few of them are observed, economists say. Israelis arc flatly forbidden to hold foreign currency unless they arc immigrants less than 10 years in the country. But many do, knowing the Treasury hasn't the manpower to search their homes or watch overseas bank transactions. Illicit holding The Rabin family's account, worth SUS21,000 (SA19,110) at its peak, was about equal to the average illicit holding abroad. Israeli travellers are allowed to take out only SUS450 (SA409) in foreign currency. "We hold spot checks at the airport from time to time", says the director of the Treasury, Mr Amiram Sivan. But veteran travellers say they have never been asked at the airport to declare their foreign currcncy. The dollar juggle assumes various forms. One dodge is to send US dollars abroad and then have them sent back as a tax-exempt gift. Because the pound is weak and constantly being devalued, the mere holding of a few dollars is an investment. A US dollar was worth 4.20 pounds in November, 1974, compared with 9.24 today. The foreign currcncy regulations no longer meet the needs of the times and they engender a lot of illegal activity, says investment consultant, Mr Joseph Morgenstern, an American immigrant. Mr Rabin By and large Israel has a pretty good body of law, but the trouble is that it is not sufficiently upheld. — Associated Press through A A P. More finance news next page. 