WHAT DOIÄTHE KIDS 1979 is the International Year Children depend on us to love them, nourish them, advise, guide and educate them. So next year, 1979, will be a very important year - the International Year of the Child. But children also have their own opinions - very strong ones sometimes. Plans to mark the Year of the Child in Australia therefore include asking the children themselves what they think. In South Australia, for instance, children will be closely involved in planning IYC activities. A committee of 26 nine to 12-year-olds from primary schools in the Adelaide metropolitan area has been set up to give a child's-eye view of themes for the year ahead. The first thing the children did was to have a meeting with the Governor of South Australia, the Rev Keith Seaman, and tell him about their ideas for IYC -ideas thrown up in discussions at their schools beforehand. They were concerned with under-privileged children, parental conflicts, "latch-key children," the effects of TV on the young (some kids deplored the use of TV as a "babysitter") and the lack of after-school activities for children. They also had suggestions about greater safety in the home and on the roads, and for "better television pro-grammes." Though the year is a huge in-ternational event, involving national and State governments all over the world, eventually its success must depend on the enthusiasm of local bodies and the hard work of individuals. What can YOU do to help? . Look around your area. Talk. Ask questions. Find out what needs doing for the benefit of children. Join a group involved in IYC - or form one yourself. There are IYC committees in every Australian State and their members will welcome your interest and be only too happy to help and advise you. If your local group would like to be put on the mailing list for continuing information, write to Mrs Helen L'Orange at the IYC National Committee of NGOs (non-governmental organizations). The address is: 1st Floor, 117 Clarence Street, Sydney, 2000. Mrs L'Orange is executive director of a 25-member committee, made up of representatives of educational and welfare groups from all over Australia, appointed by the Minister for Social This is the IYC iogo, by Danish artist Erik Jerichau. Next year will be the 20th an-niversary of the UN Declaration of Rights of the Child. That declaration stated every child Jhl^the right to affection, love and understanding; to adequate nutrition and pliaical care; to free education; to full opportunity for play and recreation; to a name and nationality; to special care if handicapped; to be among the first to receive relief in times of disaster; to learn to be a useful member of society and to be brought up in brotherhood and peace. Security, Senator Margaret Guilfoyle. Committee members would like to see IYC stretching far beyond one year. "Caring about children must go on, with people growing more and more aware of children's needs," said Mrs L'Orange. "In a way 1979 is a 'do-it-yourself year - we hope - with families and local councils and service clubs getting together to review policies for children and organize fund-raising schemes." As the mother of two boys, Paul (8) and Timothy (7), Mrs L'Orange feels that facilities for children can be improved at the local level - "We need better equipment in parks, for instance. Town planning could be geared to children a lot more than it is. When flats are approved, more consideration should be given to how it will feel to be a kid living there. Children have need of space, playgrounds and safe buildings. High-rise flats bring anxiety to parents. **T^|very family in Australia should have its own 'Year of the Child' ?Uto consider how family members are relating to each other. Parents should look into their own lifestyles in relation to their children, discussing safety in the house, diet and general health care. "The future is a great unknown and the aspirations we grew up with are not necessarily the ones we can pass on to our children. I know I can't ensure my kids' future because society may have a whole new shape by then. We can only do everything we can to help them now." The Union of Australian Women has been deeply involved in plans for IYC since 1976. Its National Secretary, Mrs Audrey McDonald, said, "There is so much to be done. One of our main aims is to highlight the points in the United Nations Declaration of Rights of the Child - and to make sure that every child in Australia has those rights." Here are some of the plans for IYC made in various States and some of the questions the committee will review. NEW SOUTH WALES Sue Scott, Co-ordinator of the Com-munity Child Care Development of the NSW Council for Social Services, is a member of the NSW committee and she asked her own daughter, eight-year-old Katie, what she would like IYC to do. "We should be nice to each other," said Katie promptly, "and nobody should get the cane at school." When Sue asked Katie if she ever had Mrs Audrey McDonald, secretary of the Union of Australian Women. of the child THEMSELVES WANT? the cane, Katie answered, "No. I'm too frightened to do anything in case I do!" This led Sue - and the NSW non-governmental committee for IYC -to ponder these questions: . How intense is fear of punishment in schools? . Are kids "good" because they are frightened? . How do they feel about the constant pressure NOT to talk? ls this pressure right when the most successful adults are those who can communicate? . In our adult-oriented society are we too rigid - nagging about an untidy house when "making a mess" is a child's form of self-expression? . ls there too much rivalry among kids -too many competitions? "In a competi- tion most people have to fail and failure can harm the sensitive," said Sue. Through her work for the Council of Social Services Sue knows the frustra-tions which beset mothers. "By making life easier for the mother we can improve life for the child," she said. "Stress on a parent can react badly on a child." A top priority, she says, is the provision of more safe and accessible outdoor play areas in cities. And there is a lack of adequate, reasonably priced child care centres, particularly for emergencies. VICTORIA "Don't wait till the end of '78, prepare now" is the Victorian committee's Mrs Helen L'Orange, executive director of the IYC National Committee. theme, lt has issued hundreds of copies of a list of 15 ways to work for children. The committee was established by the minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs and Assistant Minister of Health, Walter Jona. "We are regarding 1978 as a year of preparation because we don't want actions taken next year to be the result of arbitrary decisions made by a handful of key people," said Mr Jona. The committee is involving many organizations, but everyone is invited to take part - either in-dividually or through organizations such as the Children's Welfare Association, a religious or youth group, Scout and Guide Associations, the National Coun-cil of Women, or service clubs. SOUTH AUSTRALIA In addition to the Adelaide committee of 26 primary school children described on the opposite page, similar regional committees will be set up throughout South Australia. A steering committee of 31 adults will co-ordinate the State's IYC activities. Formed by the Minister for Community Welfare, Mr Ron Payne, its members represent health, education, the com-munity at large, ethnic groups and "international aspects," and its aims will be to involve the whole community. Every primary school in the State will be encouraged to have its IYC com- mittee of children and run a project, so that there will be a "feedback" into the home. Some funds will be available for groups or organizations wanting to do special projects. Up to $300 will be available for each approved programme with priority given when some of the ideas have come from children. Broadly speaking, the steering com-mittee wants to see projects dealing with the safety, well-being and development of children; Executive officer John Colussi is most concerned that children should be involved with activities. "Youngsters in the nine to 12 age groups have fresh, inventive ideas and we hope to learn from them," he said. "Adults tend to overestimate the validity of their own views, thinking that because they are logical they are more effective. Children act spontaneously. "We are starting off by asking the kids what they would like to see happen in IYC. We will also let them know the adults' ideas and ask what they think about them. "Then our committee of children will go out into the schools and talk to pupils and teachers." QUEENSLAND The former Minister for Welfare, John Herbert, convened a State planning committee and 21 organizations have been asked to make submissions on projects. This information will be used to produce an official IYC calendar. One of Queensland's first IYC func-tions will coincide with World Health Day, February 17. lt will be a public seminar on "The Development of the Child as a Person in Modern Society." The planning committee is investi-gating the establishment of a trust to help homeless youth; it is also planning a programme on "The Environment and the Child." The United Nations Association of Australia (Queensland Division) is run-ning an essay competition in primary schools to find out what children see as their needs in their own areas. WESTERN AUSTRALIA IYC coincides with Western Austra-lia's 150th anniversary celebrations. But rather than causing a clash, the two events complement each other. Already all State Government depart-ments and well over 60 non-Government organizations are geared for IYC. One of the most original schemes comes from the WA Grain Pool, which is organizing an exchange between city and country children. THE STATE COMMITTEES If you would like more information, addresses of State Committees are: NSW: 20th Floor, 323 Castlereagh Street, Sydney, 2000. Vic: GPO Box 4057, Melbourne, 3001. SA: Department for Community Wel-fare, 50 Grenfell Street, Adelaide, 5000. Qld: Department of Children's Ser-vices, PO Box 153, North Quay, 4000. WA: c/o Department of Community Welfare, 81 St George's Terrace, Perth, 6000. Tas: Social Welfare Department, 12 Murray Street, Hobart, 7000. NT: Social Development Branch, Department of Northern Territory, PO Box 231, Darwin, 5790. ACT: Department of Capital Territory, Beauchamp House, Acton, 2601. £7J 