A TOWN WHERE PEOPLE STILL HAVE TIME TO BE CHARACTERS Main Street Gardens Bairnsdale, nestling beside the Mitchell River in eastern Victoria, is the kind of town you grow to love. First settled in 1842, it has developed into the thriving hub of East Gippsland. The town is notable for the profusion of generous country smiles, the absence of parking meters; stately, tree-lined streets and unusual historic buildings side by side with modern department stores. A broad green oasis divides bustling Main Street, stretching the length of the street (more than two kilometres). Main Street Gardens are lush green, with flowers and tables, sunshades and benches for the weary, and a wishing well for the fanciful. People from all over Victoria choose Bairnsdale for their retirement because of its temperate climate and slower life style. Time seems to dawdle, lengthening the twilight years for a surprising number of elderly folk, who look and act younger than their years. Like the town's historic buildings, most Bairnsdale senior citizens are tough, individualistic and cherished. A whole myth has been built around two of its most colourful identities, Vic Browne, the town's last blacksmith, and Miss Lindsay Balfour, a retired singing teacher. I was warned to watch out for Vic, better known as "Brownie." He is supposed to greet all comers with a torrent of profanity. "He'll abuse you," everyone said darkly. Later it dawned on me that people were not protecting me. They were protecting him. Despite his gruff exterior, the locals know Brownie as a soft touch ready to help anyone in trouble. The corrugated iron-roofed shed in which Brownie works was crammed with pieces of metal, a big drill, furnace, power hammers, forge, big press, steel rollers, sockets and spanners. But Brownie was missing. I found him in a coffin-sized wooden box that he calls his office. Wearing a navy singlet and old CONTINUED OVERLEAF FROM PREVIOUS PAGE trousers, Brownie was adding up a column of figures on a scrap of paper. He has run his business from this tiny office for about 30 years. "The missus reckons I live here," he said. Brownie is a skilled welder and blacksmith and used to be in demand years ago when only he could make tractor blades. Now they are bought ready made. Shoeing horses is also almost a forgotten art, he says. He takes a fierce pride in workman-ship and "young 'uns" who do not take the same interest in their jobs annoy him. "They call me Sure Eye," he boasted, referring to his young assistants. "When they make a mistake I can tell straight off." Surly and bear-like Brownie has his private vision of beauty. The delicate iron work designed and made by his rough hands adorns many Bairnsdale buildings. lt is said once he fixes something it never falls apart. He is adept at repairing timber jiggers, cattle trucks, sawmill machinery and bulldozers and can be found in his shed seven days a week, dawn to dusk. There is only one Brownie, but Miss Lindsay Balfour is also fascinating in her own right. Tall, regal and erect, she has taught BELOW: Miss Lindsay Balfour, erect and ' regal. "I have the joy of life." she said. singing and dressmaking at Bairnsdale's two secondary schools. When invited to talk about herself, she obliges without a trace of false modesty. "I'm a big woman," she said, spreading out her arms in an expansive gesture. "I live big, I sleep big, I eat big. "I have chosen to be camouflaged in this weatherboard house." Miss Balfour possesses a powerful and trained voice. She readily demonstrates her prowess by vocalising the scales, singing lieder, and reciting a poem - all nine stanzas of it. Miss Balfour's contralto voice can be heard in the Uniting Church each Sunday morning when she sings with the congregation. "I want them to sing, but they listen to me," she said. "I have the joy of life," she continued. "I have no time for hate or jealousy. I have ... I was going to say guts, but I'm Miss Balfour, I can't say that. I have . . . yes, I have intestinal fortitude. "I feel 20 years younger than my age," she confided, "lt can be difficult, but never mind . . ." Miss Balfour told me that she models herself on the Queen. "I am a loyalist," she said. "I dress like the Queen. I feel I know her. "I know when she is under strain. I always know how she is feeling." A former student recalls Miss Balfour BELOW: Syd Dyson, former High School principal, fishing in the Mitchell River. ABOVE: Painted angels look down from the ceiling of St Mary's Roman Catholic Church. BELOW: Bairnsdale's fairytale courthouse. Pictures by Don McPhedran. Blacksmith Vic Browne, better known as Brownie, iron man with a heart of gold. finding a young bird which fell out of its nest in the school grounds. She put it in her cleavage and blithely went on teaching for the rest of the day before taking it home to the safety of her garden. Miss Balfour was awarded a life membership medal and bar by the Arts Council in 1975 for 50 years of promoting music and the arts through-out Gippsland. Proud of h er Scottish forebears, she says she is Scots by nature. Until a few years ago, she was a familiar sight cycling down Bairnsdale's streets. If she sees standards slipping in "her Bairnsdale", Miss Balfour uses "hammer and tongs" to put it right. She has always put her whole heart into her activities, whether conducting the school choir, or singing at any one of the 500 weddings she has attended. Now retired, she likes to study nature. "I'm still learning in life," she said. Many of the town's old buildings have a tale to tell. One is St Mary's Roman Catholic Church, locally famed for its unique murals and painted ceilings decorated by an Italian artist in the early 1930s. A great rose window high above the organ loft filters coloured light through its rich design and angels carved in marble kneel at either side of the high altar. Hundreds of angels peer down from the ceiling looking happy, pensive, solemn - no two faces alike. Across the ceiling of the sanctuary, the Italian artist Floreani painted representations of the miseries of hell, CONTINUED OVERLEAF Lifestyle Bairnsdale FROM PREVIOUS PAGE the desolation of purgatory and the happiness of paradise. Clumsy and unsophisticated, Floreani nevertheless gave the church a singular beauty, all the more moving because of his innocent vision. The old buildings are a dignified reminder of the past, but this growing town is excited about an ambitious project to serve present needs. An education complex to be built over 40.5 hectares (100 acres) between the local technical and high schools, will include a large community building with a theatre. Aboriginal tribes lived in the area before Angus McMillan discovered the site of Bairnsdale in 1840. Two years later, another Scot, Archibald Macleod, established a grazing property on the western bank of the Mitchell River, which he called Bernisdale after his home town, lt was later renamed Bairnsdale. The town's population, now reaching towards 9000, has risen more than 2000 in ten years. Descendants of the pioneers who built the town are still active in Bairnsdale. Patricia Evans (nee Counihan) was the town's first woman mayor and woman councillor. A former journalist, she still does some reporting for the Bairnsdale Advertiser, an award-winning local newspaper. The Advertiser, acquired by the late James Yeates In the late 1880s, is still owned by his family. Keith Dahlsen's emporium, one of the largest in Victorian country areas, established by Danish immigrant John Christian Dahlsen, grew from a tin shed in Nicholson Street, and recently celebrated its centenary. Harry Towner retired after selling shoes in his Main Street shop for 60 years and now makes toys he gives away to children. His wife, Loris, does shopping regularly for the "old people" at Gippsland Geriatric Centre. Their ages? Harry is 81, Loris 78. Some of the Geriatric Centre inmates are guite sprightly, too. Sister Gottschalk said she asked one elderly gentleman who was still in bed at midday if he was unwell. "My dear," he said. "I was at a dance last night and didn't get home till 5 am." What do they keep inside that concrete water tower in Main Street Gardens? lt could be the fountain of youth. W \- MARIANN HEIMANS 