CANADIAN CHALLENGE TO AMERICA'S CUP Prairie money heads for Rhode I. Apart from Australia, England, France, Italy, Sweden and now Canada have declared intentions of challenging for the America's Cup next year. The re-entry of the Canadians, who after a brief flirtation with the event in its early days retired from the scene, is particularly interest ing. For once the Canadian's prox imity to the US could be to their advantage. The Canadians are in tending to use as much expertise as they can from across the border without breaching the now less stringent rules on the "nationality" of the challenge. So far, however, the declared intention of challenging has a somewhat hazy background. Sur prisingly the syndicate backing the challenge is made up of three men from the prairie town of Calgary — famous for the Calgary stam pede but just about as removed from yachting as any city any where. The trio, Marvin McDill, Robert Muir and William J. Neil, all admit they have limited sailing experience but they do not consider this will put them at any disadvan tage. And probably it will not be cause they do apparently have that other essential, money. Mysteriously, this first Canadian challenge in more than 100 years has been made in the name of the Secret Cove Yacht Club, North Vancouver. Whether this "secret cove" is a person or a place has not been clearly estab lished but it certainly is not a yacht club in the accepted sense. The syndicate invented it simply for the purpose of making the challenge. Not surprisingly there is not a yacht club in Calgary. Why invent their own yacht club? "We thought it quite important not to get into yacht club politics otherwise we knew we would never get out of the starting gate", said committee chairman McDill. Getting back down to earth, the challenge has put out feelers to buy one of the three 12-metre yachts, with Enterprise being on the top of the list. The Italian syndicate has, however, reportedly already made a down-payment on Freedom's very competitive trial horse.Intrepid now seems a more likely target for the Canadians. The price tag on the forerunner of all currently successful 12-metres is said to be $125,000 and the Canadians hope that by some de vice, probably keeping the yacht in the US, they will be able to pursuade the US Government to waive the 30 per cent duty which should be payable on the purchase. Gretel II is believed to be the other yacht considered. Perhaps the most important move made so far in the Canadian challenge preparation has been the naming of Bruce Kirby as probable designer of the challenger and pos sible. campaign manager. Kirby, the father of the Laser sailing dinghy and quite a few other small boats, is still a Canadian citizen although he now lives in Rowayton, Connecticut. He was at the last America's Cup series and spent a lot of time studying all the yachts. Commenting on a suggestion that the Canadians were embark ing on a David and Goliath strug gle, Kirby sounded positive. "The old easy-to-use excuses are. no longer there", he said. "Not having the technology isn't a prob lem any more. We could use Amer ican sails if we wanted to and I could design the boat anywhere; I could design it in the bar of the New York Yacht Club! The only obstacles left are lack of desire and lack of organisation. For the first time it's actually possible to win this cup". The Canadian challenge has, at the moment, left one well-known Canadian immigrant sailor rather up in the air. Danish born Hans Fogh recently accepted a commission from the French syndicate to make some sails for training aboard France III. This would probably lead to Fogh's Toronto-based operation being the main sailmaker for the French challenge. However, under existing rules it may not be accept able for Fogh to work for the French if a Canadian challenge eventuates. Australia's 1980 America's Cup contender Australia sailing off. New-, port, Rhode Island. * 