A matter of State: more than just a passport By ROSS ANDREWS Being a New Zealander is pure trouble. I discovered this during the half hour I became one yesterday morn ing —just for the sake of the • record. It was a rough moment when Mr Alan Goward, the first as sistant secretary heading the legislation and review division of the Department of Immigra . tion and Ethnic Affairs, said, "I'm sorry. You're not an Aus tralian. You're either stateless, a New Zealander, Dutch, Brit ish or South African. But, whatever you are, you're not Australian". .... He could have knocked me over with a silver fern. It happened high in the Ben jamin Offices. Earlier, I left home blissfully sure about my Australianness — there was my Australian Rassport, for in stance, tucked in its normal drawer. It was a reliable, well-tested document that had seen me through dicy border crossings in Afghanistan just after the 1978 Marxist coup, and it took me through America and Japan last year without the slightest problem. After all, I thought I'd been an Australian since I was kneehigh to a plague locust; I'd been to Australian schools; I even spoke the language. Of course, it had something to do with my parents — foot loose, post-war babyboomers. My father is a New Zealand born artist who had crossed the Tasmain as a five-year-old. He had been an Australian naval officer for several years and had thought he was an Australian (although there was no Aus tralian citizenship when I was born — we were all British subjects). My mother, a Dutch ballerina, had lost all her of ficial papers in a Japanese pris oner-of-war camp in Java and arrived in Australia as a refu gee. To cut short a long story, they had me' in South, Africa, but forgot-to register young Ross as an Australian. It was not until the early 1950s that they re membered and I was officially registered as an Australian in London — but not before the then Australian Minister for Immigration, Mr Harold Holt, gave his blessing, to counter my parents' forgetfulness. All appeared settled, it seemed. My mother divorced my father, kept her Australian passport (and travelled on it as an Australian citizen, crossing the Dutch-German border almost daily until she reverted to Dutch citizenship a few years ; ago). My father travelled all over the world and remarried to a French divorcee of a Danish shipping merchant. My mother danced all over the world with the Ballet Joos and remarried to a German barrister who now specialises in divorce cases.. . and young Ross even tually got his first Australian passport. But, in all this movement, my father was not told he should have registered himself as an Australian citizen when British subjects in the antipodes be came Australians in a legisla tive change in 1949. Yesterday, Mr Goward's researchers found, there was no record of him in the official index of Australian citizens. ^ So, decades later, he is still a theoretical New Zealander, causing a host of problems, such as: His own deportation if he had a criminal record. Australia could have washed its hands of me if i ever got into trouble overseas (heaven knows where Australia could deport me to, though). My mother was making in numerable European border crossings on a baseless Aus tralian passport. My half-brother Ralph, on my father's side, is in the same boat as I was until yesterday because he was born in Sin gapore; and so, presumably is my stepmother, now trav elling in France, and my stepbrother in Brisbane. Meanwhile another half brother, Mario, on my mother's side, for whom I was trying to get Australian citizenship, has had his case blown to pieces. Inquiries on him opened the whole can of worms in the first place. So, there I was, high in the Benjamin Offices, deciding there was not much choice be tween being stateless or South African and tossing up between trying to become British (after a grandfather), Dutch (after my mother) or a New Zea lander (after my father). Mr Goward came to the rescue with a Bible, a copy of the oath of allegiance, an ap plication form for Australian citizenship and a stamped and sealed Certificate of Australian citizenship. I took up the offer. Just for the record 1 wrote "New Zea lander" in the application. Half an hour later I was naturalised as an Australian again. Today I'm going to telephone my father in Queensland, who doesn't think much of Canberra anyway, to tell him he'd better watch out if he's got a criminal record. (Kiwis have to have passports to cross the Tasman now). 