(UiORlD HEUI5) IN BRIEF 65 die in mine accident VIENNA, Friday (AAP-Reuter). - Sixty-five miners were killed yesterday in an explosion in a colliery at Zaluzi, in the north Bohemian mining district north of" Prague, the official Czechoslovak news agency Ceteka reported today. Forty others in the pit at the time of the blast had been rescued. The cause of the accident was not known. , Typhoon Agnes fizzles SEOUL, Friday (AAP-Reuter). - Typhoon Agnes fizzled out over the Sea of Japan today after killing more than 70 people as it carved a trail of destruction through parts of South Korea and eastern China. Death 'more dangerous' COPENHAGEN, Friday (AAP-AFP). - The death of Ayatollah Khomeini could lead to a bloody war and might spell the end of Iran, former President Bani-Sadr said in an interview published yesterday in the Danish daily Poliiiken. "Ayatollah Khomeini would be more dangerous dead then he is alive and even if I could give the order to liquidate him I would not do it", Dr Bani Sadr was reported as saying. US accused of lying HAVANA, Friday (AAP-Reuter). - Cuba accused the US Secretary of State, Mr Haig, yesterday of lying when it denied charges that it had distributed Soviet weapons in Central America and that there were Cuban advisers with insurgent forces in El Salvador. There had never been nor was there now one single Cuban military or civilian adviser with the revolutionary forces in El Salvador, a government statement, published in the Communist Party newspaper Granma, said. New Bolivian leader LA PAZ, Friday (AAP-Reuter). - General Celso Torrelio Villa, Commander-in- Chief of the Army, was named today as President of Bolivia, an official announcement said. General Torrelio Villa's nomination came after more than 36 hours of bargaining by the comman ders of the Army, Navy and Air Force. Former President Garcia Meza, who seized power in a coUp a year ago, was forced to step down from the presidency last month by an army rebellion. Suspended sentence HOLSTEBRO, Denmark, Friday (AAP-AP). \- A Danish married couple who had an 11-month old girl smuggled out of Thailand last year and kept her hidden for four months in a desperate under ground odyssey across Denmark were given sus pended three-month jail sentences in Holstebro. yesterday. ? Mr Svcnd Erik Mortensgaard, 34, and his wife, Karin, 33, were convicted by a court of depriving a child of the custody of its parents or legal guardians. Both were fined the equivalent of SA220 for violation of Danish immigration laws. 