PASPALUM PLACE The national flag: a source of irritation to dinky-di patriots By IAN WARDEN Would Australian bosoms be more readily inflated with pride on Australia Day and on all occasions of pomp and ceremony if our flag was of another design, a design bereaved of the Union Jack? A patriot from Fisher recently wrote to the editor of this journal to express that view, claiming, probably correctly, that he was one of millions of Australians who think it daft and inappropriate that one quarter of our flag should be emblazoned with a relic of a "bygone era", especially since some other former colonies of Britain have seen fit to jettison it. A browse through a tome devoted to vex- illology reveals that the Union Jack is retained in the flags of Saint Helena, Fiji, Hong Kong, the British Virgin Islands, Dominica, Montser- rat, the Seychelles, the Turks and Caicos Is- lands, Bermuda and somewhere called New Zealand, among others. It is also to be found, oddly enough, on the flag of the American State of Hawaii, and on the flags of four of the provinces of Canada (Newfoundland's flag is simply the Union Jack). Each of the flags of the six Australian States bears the Union Jack in its upper left-hand quarter and it would be interesting to see whether reform of the national flag would inspire the Governments of the States to put their own flags in order. The flags of NSW and of Tasmania, which also contain a depiction of the British lion, and the flags of Victoria and of Queensland which feature a depiction of the crown, are even more redolent of the colonial connection than the national flag and should be a special source of irritation to dinky-di patriots, especially re- publican ones. I have never felt uncomfortable with the present Australian flag. The permutation of red, white and blue in the Union Jack is brilliant and comely (I suspect that this has something to do with its continuing ubiquity) and there is a sensible argument to be made for the retention of a reference to a nation's "bygone era" in its flag. Lots of the nations of the world have depic- tions of artifacts crucial to their history on their flags and it might be appropriate to think of the Union Jack as an artifact inextricably connected with the indelible influences on the nation (for good or ill) that have devolved from our settlement and development by people who were white, Christian and British. Those who have since come to Australia from a host of most unBritish places are still obliged to live with and among those indelible in- fluences and the argument that it is irksome for Turks, Lebanese and all sorts of other exotic immigrants to have to put up with a flag with a Union Jack on it might deserve the rejoinder that this is hard luck since the flag should reflect the influences of our first 150 years rather than the recent (though welcome) societal vari- egations that have come with post-war immi- gration. A second argument that carries some weight with me is that in abandoning our decent if unremarkable flag we might well choose some- thing ludicrous and hideous. I shudder to think what horrific devices would be daubed in the 1980s by aspiring flag-designers invited to make submissions much as their forebears were in- vited in 1901. We live in more garish and more aesthetically barbarous times. The 1901 competition was jointly conducted by our first Federal Goverment and by the journal The Review of Reviews. They gave £75 each in prizemoney and this sum was brought to a round £200 with £50 from the Havelock Tobacco Company, a philanthropic gesture which might commend itself to the Benson and Hedges company in the event of any search for a brand-new flag. There were 32,823 designs entered, with entries coming not only from concerned anti- podeans but even from denizens of such outlan- dish places as India, China and the Shetland Islands. The winning design (which was only mildly different from the present flag) was independ- ently submitted by five competitors. Four of them were Australians and one of them was from New Zealand, wherever that is. King Edward VII was gracious enough to approve the design in 1903, perhaps in a lull between stag- hunts. I do not know who the judges were in 1901 but in the far more remorselessly democratic climate of the 1980s I fear that a short list of designs would be selected from the appalling ruck by a committee of "representative" citizens (comprising, inevitably, Ron Barassi, Ita Buttrose, Ian Meldrum, Johnny Farnham, a token radical or pervert, the Very Reverend Lance Shilton, Professor Manning Clark, Pro Hart (artistic adviser), Yvonne Cawley, Rolf Harris, Skippy the Bush Kangaroo, etc) and that the aesthetically illiterate masses would then instinctively plump for the most atrocious of these designs in a referendum. We might, by such a process, choose ourselves a flag in which a kangaroo dines on a drum of Vegemite on a ground of electric chartreuse. How cute it would be, incidentally, if our flag could choose itself as the result of some sensa- tional and irresistible Act of God like unto the one that selected a flag for the Danes. It is said, and I believe it, that as Denmark's King Valdemar the Victorious was about to engage the Estonians in a seemingly hopeless battle in 1219 a white cross appeared in the red sky as God's promise of a Danish triumph. Valdemar triumphed and the Danes have used a white cross on a red ground as their flag ever since. Some argue that theirs is the oldest of all national flags in continuous use. In spite of my fears of what we might choose for our flag I have been struck, while perusing the aforementioned vexillological reference work (it is Whitney Smith's 'Flags Through The Ages And Across the World') by the degree of aesthetic restraint that almost all nations seem to have exercised in their choices of national flags. As Dr Smith points out, the larger and more diverse the entity being served by a flag "the simpler its chief symbols tend to be" and this saves most of the national flags from being as cluttered and idiosyncratic as those flags which represent provinces, cities, guilds, regiments. Canada's stark red maple leaf on its national flag, for example, looks blessedly simple beside the flags of the provinces, which are emblazoned with fiddly coats of arms, trees, galleons, packets of potato crisps, etc. In the simple but striking flag of the Soviet Union, the crossed hammer and sickle represent the pro- letariat and the peasantry respectively and the five- pointed star suggests the unity of the peoples of all five continents. Red is the colour of revolution. In the Soviet flag, as in most national flags, a great deal is symbolised by a very little, and one prays that this principle will be dutifully observed when and if our next flag is chosen. High score for irrelevancy The WODEN Valley Hospital, which has already yielded me the gem of a 1970 edition of Brides magazine in my quest for the oldest periodical made available for the distraction of those languishing in ACT waiting rooms, has surpassed itself. Last Tuesday evening, visiting that hospital's gastro-enterology unit to bestow the boon of my visit upon one of the hospitalised, I chanced to browse through the periodicals available in that unit's waiting room cum foyer and found a June 1965 edition of that rivetting publication the Australian Fisheries Newsletter. I have decided that in this quest I should give marks not only for antiquity but also for the aging publication's degree of irrelevance to the time and place in which it finds itself and the June 1965 edition of the Australian Fisheries Newsletter scores rather well on irrelevancy. It is hard to think of any reason why any person anywhere in the world would ever want to read this magazine although Canberra his- torians might, just, be interested in an article 'Fish Suppers Demonstrate Mullet's Quality' which describes how the New South Wales Fish Authority had staged a function at the Can- berra Rex at which the guests were obliged to consume five exotic mullet dishes. Of these the nastiest appears to have been 'Mullet Portugais' which involved "poached fillets of mullet covered with tomato-flavoured sauce" although there must also have been something decidedly repugnatorial about 'Fillets of Mullet L'lndien' involving as it did "Fillets of mullet poached in fish stock and covered with curry sauce". In the daguerrotypes that accompany the story, groups of diners in funny Robert Menzies jackets stand around wincing as they sample these dishes. Mr Whatsisname shouldn't pass the buck! IF ONE HAD BEEN skilled in astrology I suppose that one would have foretold that (there were to be nasty outbreaks of de- mocracy and of democratic sentiment in the third week of January. In Britain the funny Labour Party has decided that the Leader and Deputy Leader of the party should no longer be chosen by the parliamentary members alone but by trades unionists, constituency members and their aunts, household pets and nice people they met on holiday in Bognor Regis, etc. This will give the British, heaven help them, a Prime Minister or alternative Prime Minister who will be even more sickeningly representative of the British lower orders than previous occupants of those crucial positions. I dare say we shall see Brian Clough govern- ing Britain ere long, or perhaps Max Bygraves. In Australia this astrological ebullition took the form of an announcement on Saturday by the Minister for the Capital Territory (what is the man's name?) that while he personally was not in favour of a casino in the Territory he would give its establishment serious thought if that proved to be the overwhelming will of the people of Canberra. It causes me great sadness to hear such utterances from members of the Liberal Party, a political association whose only redeeming feature is an occasional inclination to use auto- cratic decision-making processes rather than references to the inevitably misinformed in clinations of the masses. It just will not do for Mr Whatsisname to pass the buck like this by referring all of his Too Hard questions to the masses and by adding up their views with his pocket computer. Moreover, now that he has expressed the view that he favours this pansy, populist approach to the casino issue it is hard to see how he will be able to escape the requirement that he take into account the "overwhelming" will of his subjects on every contentious issue. This will mean, for example, that this com- munal bomb and fallout shelters that the ACT urgently requires but which only the cerebral and far-sighted are clamouring for will never be built since the Aussie attitude of "She'll be right" even seems to extend to the prospect of thermonuclear war, a circumstance in which not very much will be right at all. We're all right, Jack, but the Poms . . . PEOPLE who are discerning enough to read this column regularly may remember that I have sometimes drawn attention to the ways in which the Australian news mediums dwell on the social and economic plights of some other nations (particularly England) in an entirely self- congratulatory way, rejoicing in the fact or the opinion that things are nothing like so grim or smelly or barbaric in Australia. There was a wonderful example of this smugness on ABC radio news bulletins on Wednesday when two distinct news stories, the first that Britain now had 10 per cent of its workforce unemployed and the second that Australia had enjoyed a single-digit rate of inflation last year, were married and made into one story which seemed to say that while things were getting more and more rotten for the poor Poms they were getting more and more de- lightful for Australians. I am sure that all Australians will join me in thanking the ABC for providing these boosts to our nation's morale and in urging the com- mission to make lots more of these imaginative, irrelevant but cheering comparisons. Should any stupendous new statistics about the in- cidence of leprosy in Calcutta become available, for example, I think that the ABC should see to it that they are contrasted with the figures for our wonderful, disease-free Australian cities. 