COMPOSITE COMPOSITE is a regular news feature page compiled, from "Australian Jewish News'' services, representatives. United Press International, Jewish Telegraphic Agency, 'Jewish Chronicle’News Service, and other overseas sources. . • ' • Budget cuts ordered . JERUSALEM: The Israeli Finance Minister, Mr .Yoram Aridor, has ordered Government departments to cut budgets by five percent and reduce manpower, by three percent for the fiscal year beginning in March. Mr Aridor’s action is viewed as an effort to put a brake on •; public spending, which is considered the main factor behind Israel’s rampant inflation. ~ The new head of the Treasury budget division, Mr Jacob . Gadish, has informed Ministry directors-general that analysis of Government accounts for the past six months sho.wed new currency pumped into the economy had been three times . greater than originally planned — an indication that past measures to restrain spending had been unsuccessful. • Peres talks on EEC BRUSSELS: On his way to Paris, where he attended the meeting of the International Socialist Movement, Mr Shimon. Peres made a one-day visit to talk to the chairmen of the two \- Socialist parties, Karel Van Miert of the Flemish Socialist par ty and Guy Spitaels of the Walloon Socialist party.' He also took the opportunity to express to Mr Edgar . Pisani, member of the European Common Market, who is in .charge of relations with Israel, the fears of Israeli agriculture over the sale of Israeli products in Europe following Spain’s • expected entry into the Common Market. • Danish near bankrupt ' COPENHAGEN: Denmark’s Jewish commuhity is virtual iy bankrupt because 60 percent of members have not paid • their communal taxes since July in protest against the five member Board of Representatives (its top authority) remain ing in office, in spite of a demand for its resignation from the 20-member Board of Deputies* the community’s consultative. ..commission. The dispute between the two bodies came to a head after the ■ Board of Representatives refused to rescind its dismissal of „ Rabbi Bent Melchior, the Chief Rabbi of Denmark, who is supported by the majority of the community. .The Board of Representatives dismissed Rabbi Melchior on the ground that he had taken part in the shooting of a televi-. • sion film about Judaism in Denmark and that he had not ask- . ■1 ed the Board for approval before it was shown. • Peace prize bid STOCKHOLM: A group of Swedish MPs have formally nominated the former Swedish diplomat in Hungary, Raoul Wallenberg to the Norwegian Nobel Peace Prize Committee for 1981. Mr Wallenberg saved many thousands of Hungarian Jews ; during World War Two when ‘Nazi troops' were in' command of Budapest. r ■ i He was captured by the russian army after thewar.., . • The Nobel Prizes can only be given to living persons. • i , The Soviet authorities claim Mr Wallenberg died in one of 'their prisons in 1947, but a number of witnesses say they have seen Raoul Wallenberg alive much later. .' • Ant^Semitism charge ., PARIS: Henri-Robert Petit, the 82-year-old director of the; •’ anti Semitic publication, “Le Lien du Lynx'Club” (The Bond; ; ' of the Lynx Club), has been charged in a Pontoise court, near \- Paris, with inciting racism and anti-semitism. • ' V The prosecution follows the publication of an article entitl ed “Israel contaminates”, in September 1980, in which Petit ■denounced what he called “Hebrew Mafia circles”.. . He also doubted the existence of the Nazi death camps on the ground that Mrs Simone Veil, the president of the Euro \- pean Parliament and former French Health Minister, had sur vived detention in them. • U.K. prof , to Bar llan I JERUSALEM: Cyril Domb, Professor of Theoretical Physics at King’s College, London, has joined the faculty of Bar llan, Israel’s only religiously orientated university. Prof; Domb has been associated with the university since its founding and was visiting professor at Bar llan in 1972 and again in 1977. . • ; Prof'. Domb and his family, are setting up home in Jerusalem from where he will commute. He said he. was certain that given the high'standards of science both at Bar. llan and other universities he would.be :able to pursue the various disciplines in:.whichTie. is interested, together with his Israeli colleagues. At the same time he indicated his main motiye for settling in - Israel was a religious one. • German backing BONN: Dov Ben-Meir, a Labor member of the Knesset and chairman of Histadrut in Tel Aviv,'has received assurances, from friends of Israel in West Germany they will do their ut most to prevent the sale of advanced weaponry by the Bonn Government to Saudi Arabia. A.score of trade union officials, members of the Bundestag and leaders of the governing Social Democratic Party (SPD) responded to a letter on the subject addressed to them by Ben Meir. Several expressed dismay that such arms deliveries 'were ' even under consideration. ^ V •Four Jews in ‘top ten* TORONTO: Four of the ten named by “Toronto Life” magazine as the richest in the city are Jews. This is a change from former years, when the unques tioned monopoly of Toronto’s moneyed aristocracy {was; held by the Wasp (White Anglo-Saxon Protestaqt) com munity. . ■ ■ ' The four are Mr. Paul Reicfcmann, Mr. Peter-: Bronf man, Mr. Max Tanenbaum and Mr. John “Jack” Daniels'. • ‘New* Zionism proposed LONDON: The Confederation of United Zionists should take the lead in an attempt to implement a new concept of Zionism. • This was proposed to a convention of British United Zionists by Dr Avraham Avihai, a member of the. World Zionist Executive. • . He said the new concept should create channels for people; to become Zionists without party political affiliation although'; the political parties would probably continue to exist. • Aviation exhibition SINGAPORE: Israel Aircraft Industries (IA1), has-taken part in the first commercial aviation exhibition to be .held in Asia,' organised with the support of the Singapore Economic Board, which issued the invitation to Israel. • French rabbis to USSR PARIS: Rabbi Rene Samuel Sirat, the Chief Rabbi of France, will lead a delegation of French rabbis to the Soviet Union at Passover in 1982. This announcement by the rabbinate has been cqhfjrmed by' a member of the Soviet Embassy in Paris. Rabbi Sirat said he was satisfied with the arrangements and ' he looked forward to discussing with Rabbi Yaacov Fishman, the rabbi of the Moscow Synagogue, the relations which could be established between their two communities. • Last chance NEW YORK: A noted Israeli historian and rector of Tel Aviv University has warned that time is rapidly funning out for the'research, and preservation of the 1000-year history of PolishJewryydue to Jack of interest and procrastination-on the part of the present ageing generation of Polish Jewish sur vivors. .V ■ ; ;; : “The present decade may well provide the Iasi chance to preserve for future generations a knowledge of ihe history of what was the most culturally flourishing Jewish community in ihe Diaspora,” Professor Shlomo Simonson told a meeting qf the Federationof Polish Jewsof America..; ■ Simonson,-who emigrated to Israel from Germany in 1933, deplored what he termed the “comparatively. little interest shown by the average Israeli student’in the history of J£wry outside Israel”. ... • Diamond trade setback TEL AVIV: Despite major problems in the Israeli diamond trade, the Diamond Trading Company — the '“syndicale” which sells stones to the four major cutting centres — is “very• confident of the future of diamonds in Israel”. 1 . - ^ Reports.claiming the Israeli diamond industry was in.deep - trouble were exacerbated by the news: that Lloyds uiidef writers in. London, insurer of practically all thexlsraeli;dia mond business, had decided to reduce the amount of cover on bank loans to the manufacturers. Over a period of six months the cover will be scaled down to •‘Golda* stopped ; TEL AVlV:.JVlore than gentle persuasion from congregants at a downtown Tel Aviv synagogue stopped the filming over' Succot of an Israeli television film about Golda Meir. : The TV crew felt that filming over the festival would be ideal for scenes concerning Golda’s early life as there would be much less traffic. . Worshippers, however* had other ideas and the production crew finally acceded to a personal request from the Chief. Rabbi of Tel Aviv, Yedidya Frankel. Kreisky slates Arafat ■ VIENNA: After an interval of silence, which was severely criticised by the media, the Austrian Chancellor, Dr Kreiskyv' denounced the jubilation of Yasser Arafat, and the PLO, over the assassination of President Sadat. v; Dr Kreisky said he found Arafat’s attitude; utterly incbrrir;', prehensible. .This would certainly have a negative influence on their per sonal relationships, he said. Austria, was'not keen to accredit a new PLO representative. in Vienna, • ‘Not true’, says minister LONDON: Britain’s Foreign Secretary, Lord Carrington, lost no time issuing “a categorical denial” that he had com pared Israeli rule on the West Bank and Gaza with the treat ment which the Nazis had meted out lo Jews in war-time, oc cupied Europe. v The allegation against .Lord Carrington .-was/published in the ‘Jerusalem Post’ and. attributed.vby -ifs' diplomatic'cb‘r-; respondent to “a-source, associated with the, European Democratic Union”, an organisation which groups.together Conservative-minded parties inside and outside the Common Market. Galilee Aliya target JERUSALEM: The Jewish Agency will give preferential treatment to new immigrants who settle in the Galilee, accor ding to an agreement reached; between representatives of the agency and the Council of Galilee Settlements. ' ■ ’• v ■; ... It was agreed that representatives of local settlements would go overseas to convince Jews to make' Aliyah and settle in the.. Galilee. . - - r— Three hundred immigrant families have settled in the' region since the.beginning of trie year, and another 300 families are expected to settle there by December 31. _■ • PLO man cheered RIO. DE \ JANEIRO: The 500 members of the ' newly-' founded Partido dos Trabalhadores (Labor Party) chanted “PLO, PLO” at the party’s national convention in Brasilia. /. Farid Sawan, a representative of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, and lnacio da Silva, president of the party and‘ leader of the Metal Workers Union in the SaoPaulodistrict, received the greatest applause. •' / Peace rests with Israel AMSTERDAM: Foreign Minister Max van der Stoel said on his return from President Sadat’s funeral that the .burden of keeping the' Egyptian-Israeli. peace process: going rested with Israel. Van der Stoel said: “Israel'must unconditionally adhere to the Camp David agreements. ; . v “If Israel does" not return to;Egypt the last part of Sinai aext April, then a very serious situation will arise.” Final spot MOSCOW: Thousands of Soviet Jews danced ;in the street' outside Moscow’s only operating synagogue last ’ weekr to: celebrate Simchat Torah. Soviet militiamen stood guard at both ends of the block of Arkhipova St', where the synagogue is located. There were no netdents. \- One witness estimated more than 10,000 people gathered or the joyful celebration, which featured impromptu singing >t lsrae!> foil song, and group dancing The.Street .was impassable to automobile traffic during the :elebration. • . . = . . 