TURN-ABOUT IN ATTITUDE TO DRUG OFFENDERS Tribunal takes harder line on deportations THE Administrative Appeals Trib- unal has made an abrupt about-turn in its attitude to drug offenders seeking a review of deportation decisions against them. In a series of decisions handed down in the last month, in each of which the tribunal supported deportation orders made by the Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs, the court has reversed presumptions available from earlier de- cisions that a drug offender having long been resident in Australia, having family here, and being likely to be disadvantaged in his own country is unlikely to be ordered deported. The new decisions, which follow a change in the Minister's policy [which is part of the material the tribunal considers], each involved persons who met all or most of these considerations. The availability of the Woodward re- port into drugs in NSW appears to have been a substantial factor in two of the most recent cases. Both involved Italian men named in the Woodward report. The new hard line of the tribunal was best illustrated in the case of a Scullin man, Mr Saverio Barbaro, in which the decision was handed down before Christmas. Mr Barbaro was ordered deported after serving a sentence in NSW for having marihuana in his possession for the purpose of sale, a charge which arose in 1977 when he was one of a number of men arrested on the site of a plantation of marihuana, said to be worth more than $5 million, at Euston, near Mildura. He was mentioned, though only in pass- ing, in the Woodward report as one of an organisation of people, mostly from Plati, in Calabria, associated with marihuana production. Many of the others named were related to him. On the other hand there were substan- tial factors which, on earlier precedents, might have led the tribunal to allow him to stay. He had been in Australia 12 years, was married to an Australian citizen and had four children, and there was con- siderable evidence that his wife and child- ren would suffer should he be deported. He had no other convictions, was well regarded as a worker, and was considered by his probation officer to be unlikely to offend again. Mr Justice Davies, handing down the tribunal's decision, said it would be dif- ficult to find another case where the com- peting factors were so strong. "In favour of the making of an order there are the facts that Mr Barbaro in- volved himself to an extent which I am unable to determine in an enterprise which was a criminal enterprise of major signifi- cance", he said. || By JACK WATERFORD | "Not many of the persons who were associated with that enterprise have been dealt with by the law . . . it was an en- terprise which caused great harm to the community. ". . . It has been reported by Mr Jus tice Woodward, and for the purposes of this review I accept, that the organisation concerned was responsible for the disap- pearance and murder of Donald Mackay. The community's horror at that event is very great". He could make no conclusion about the liklihood of Mr Barbaro offending again because he did not know how much he was involved. "Only he and his co-venturers can say || Mr Justice Davies: ". . . any step which may serve to inhibit like activities in future is in the public interest". || what it was. He was arrested when escap- ing from the plantation, he was related by family to persons who are likely to be involved in the enterpreneurial side, he had a special relationship with his wife's uncles and he failed to apply for citizenship, notwithstanding that others in his family including his parents applied for and ob- tained citizenship. "1 am not prepared to say that the risk of recidivism is not significant. There are facts which suggest that the applicant was knowingly involved in an organisation and that his involvement was one greater than that of mere farm labourer. "Only he could tell me what the true facts are and he has chosen not to do so. "Moreover, it is I think a continuing affront to the community that the appli- cant has information which would be use- ful to the law enforcement authorities which he does not disclose. "A community left with the problem of the unsolved murder of Donald Mackay and with continuing criminal activities in- volving or related to illicit drugs cannot be unconcerned that there are people in the community with knowledge which is not imparted." ". . . Moreover, this is the very type of case where the deportation of one person with a view to deterring other people from crime is justified. "Calabrians, especially those from Plati, have been involved in marihuana growing on a large scale for many years and any step which may serve to inhibit like activities in future is in the public interest". As in this case, the other two cases suggest that the tribunal will accept only the most "compelling" personal circum- stances in deciding against a ministerial decision to deport. Previous cases had suggested that, in drug cases in particular, personal circumstances had about the same weight as general policy. Mr Vincenzo Piscioneri, 48, of Shep- parton, resident in Australia for 29 years, was, like Mr Barbaro, arrested at Euston and, after serving his jail sentence, ordered to be deported. Unlike Mr Barbaro he was not married, although most of his family live in Australia. "I would not think it proper to deport him were it not for his continuing non- disclosure, his possible financial obligation to a clandestine organisation, his member= ship of and involvement with the ethnic group which has caused such harm to the community and, lastly, the Government's policy", Mr Justice Davies said. " However, these latter factors seem to , me to weigh the balance in favour of deportation". A third case, that of Mr Ratimir Nevistic, 38, of Orange, a resident of Australia for 10 years, was unconnected with the others. Mr Nevistic, a Yugoslav citizen, was convicted of growing marihuana near Orange in 1977. He has a wife and four children, is a master craftsman, and was highly regarded by many Orange people. His family wanted to stay: neither Mrs Nevistic nor the child- ren speak Serbo-Croatian and none of the family wanted to live in a communist country. Were it not for the new policy, Mr Justice Davies said, he might have found in favour of letting him stay. The disadvan- tages Mr Nevistic and his family might suffer — after all, his skills meant he could get a job either in Yugoslavia or perhaps Germany, from which his wife comes — were not so great as over-ride the policy. Appeals have been lodged in the Federal Court against all three decisions. They will probably not be heard before the High Court rules on another drug deportation case, that involving Mr Luigi Pochi, anoth- er of those alleged to have belonged to the Calabrian group and at a higher level. The appeal involving Mr Pochi is by the Government against one of the earlier softer-line decisions, allowing him to stay. A prison with a different atmosphere From CHRISTOPHER FOLLETT, in Copenhagen Europe's first mixed-sex prison, designed to create an atmosphere as close to the outside world as possible, has been declared a success five years after it opened. Four of the six blocks at Ringe Prison on the Baltic island of Funen are mixed. The prison has a population of 70 men and 20 women, who are allowed to mix freely both during working hours and in their free time. The governor of Ringe, Mr Erik An- dersen, says, "The atmosphere in the mixed blocks is totally different from that prevail- ing in normal, single-sex prisons. "Everything is much more relaxed. We in no way interfere if relationships develop between prisoners. They are entirely free to have intimate relationships in their cells. It is a private matter between the prisoners involved", he said. Mr Andersen, who says the experiment is unique, believes that more natural condi- tions in prison create less embittered and less neurotic prisoners, better able to adapt to society. He said that by making conditions in jail closer to those of society prisoners became more positive and more balanced. The inmates work an eight-hour day in the prison workshops, where they make office furniture, electronic components and other items. From 4pm, when the working day ends, until 10.30pm, when they are locked in their cells, the prisoners are free to amuse themselves in any way they like inside the walls. The prison has a library, communal rooms and a shop where prisoners can buy their own food with their 24 Crown ($A4) daily food allowance. On top of this they earn 175 Crowns ($A32) a week. Mr Andersen says the byword at the prison is "personal responsibility", and every effort is made to instil a sense of responsibility, equality, independence and participation into prisoners. The prisoners cook their own food and live in cells more like modern hotel rooms than dungeons. They are able to lock the cells from the inside when they have a guest or do not want to be disturbed. Until lights out warders do not interfere in the prisoners' personal lives, although one rule forces prisoners to confine their sex lives to the privacy of their cells. A couple caught making love in the library recently were ordered to stop. The women prisoners are all serving time for drug convictions, but the men are there for various crimes, three of them for murder. Mr Andersen said that only one woman had ever had to be removed from Ringe, and she had been operating as a prostitute. There had been no indications of jealousy among the 70 male inmates competing for the favour or only 20 women. All of the women inmates were under the age of 26 and all the men were under 24. In five years only two pregnancies have been reported, and in one case the couple decided to get married. Rather than leading to chaos — as many critics, including the Danish prison officers union, predicted — Mr Andersen says his experiment has proved a success. There have been no major problems. "The free atmosphere of the prison creates an un-neurotic prisoner with a sense of purpose, identity and personal responsibility", he said. Mr Andersen says he is inundated with requests from male inmates in other Danish prisons for a transfer to Ringe. But, he says, he has turned these down, prefer- ring to take only new prisoners. — Reuter, through AAP. 