lifestyle] I PEOPLE J Copenhagen's traffic lights are adjusted to allow cyclists time to cross. Canberra can learn from Copenhagen ThERE I was, sitting in a taxi being driven across Sydney, trying to mind my own business. The driver would have none of that, though. He had already drawn from mc every detail of my personal life, and as I could think of no other topic that might possibly interest him, I fell to watching the passing traffic. As it was an off-peak period, there was not much of that to see, until I noticed that for about a kilometre of or so, we had been following a car whose right-hand blinker was flashing non-stop. In spite of the many intersections, the driver made no attempt to turn, so I drew my driver's attention to it. "What car?" he asked. "I never look at the traffic. I just concentrate on where I am going." After that, I held my peace until we reached the airport, where I was to start on the first leg of a journey that would take me to Singapore, Copenhagen and eventually other European points, where I planned to have a working holiday enjoying the sights at the same time as I reported on the bike scene there. I expected to see thousands of Chinese riding in Singapore, their bikes piled high with merchandise, as I had seen in Hong Kong a few years ago, but before that I had a little matter of an eight-hour flight by courtesy of Thai Airlines. There was, of course, nothing to see in the plane, except for the silk-clad Thai ladies who ministered to one's every need by bringing a non-stop supply of cold drinks or hot coffee, pausing only when the blinds were drawn for an in-flight film. I think we reached Singapore in the early evening, and after going through the usual immigration and customs formalities, we took a taxi to our hotel. This All major roads in Copenhagen have 'Cycles only' lanes. driver was more interested in my possessions than my life story — so much so, in fact, that he refused point blank to hand over any change from the SS20 note that I gave him. Having obtained some Singapore dollars in Sydney, this was the smallest note I had, and it took several minutes of arguing and threatening to make him part with anything at all, and the incident left a nasty taste. The next morning I was up bright and early to see the masses of cyclists, and in spite of the fact that the thermometer was hovering around the 40s, I strode out purposefully, camera in hand. And if you are wondering why there is no picture of street markets crowded with pedestrians and cyclists, it is not because I forgot to put a film in the camera. There were no stalls in the streets, and no cyclists; only tall, impersonal concrete buildings, with hordes of Chinese driving past in expensive Mercedes. Maybe I never got to the real Singapore, but the shops that we did visit were unattractive and, to my mind, overpriced. Let me tell you a story. Before leaving Australia, I had taken the precaustion of buying a little trolley on which to wheel my suitcase along the miles of corridors that are apparently an essential part of the modern airport. Snag Number 1 came up when I was told to remove it from my case, as it would get damaged on the luggage chutes. When I boarded the plan, I stowed it neatly under the seat, and as far as I know, it is there to this day. A replacement in Singapore was dearer than the one I bought in Australia, so I still have to carry my case. I will pass over the 18-hour flight to Copenhagen. Not that Scandinavian Air Lines were in any way to blame." It was just that three-quarters of a day spent in what was a remarkably good imitation of an electric chair is not my idea of how to start a holiday. I hoped that the Danish capital would make up for this, and I was not disappointed. The weather was delightful — warm and sunny, with just a hint of a chill in the breeze, and if it was not exactly full of bicycles, they were certainly plentiful. You saw them propped up against shop windows or leaning up against the walls of a cafe, you saw them being ridden by young and old alike and you saw them parked in their hundreds in special racks outside the Tivoli Gardens — of which more later. It is not surprising that the Danes are so keen on cycling. The country is mostly flat, and all the major streets — in Copenhagen, at least — have cycle lanes. And by that I do not mean cycle paths, as Canberra has, but lanes on the main thoroughfare, just like the "Bus only" ones in the ACT, only for cyclists only. To make it clear that is for cyclists each lane has a picture of a bicycle painted on the road. And, no, motorists do not use these lanes for overtaking or for any other purpose, and even with the large squares that the Danish capital has, the traffic lights are adjusted to allow the cyclist plenty of time in which to get across. I suppose the Canberra authorities are now firmly wedded to the idea of cycle paths that fulfil the dual role of recreation and commuting, but the streets are wide enough for cycle lanes, and I think that they might at least be given a trial. The only thing I have against Copenhagen's bikes is that I would not be seen dead with one. They arc all incredibly old, and apart from the fact that they do not look as if they were up to much when they were new, they have obviously not been properly (CYCLING M) by Arthur Jones maintained. They arc used simply as work-horses to take you easily and quickly to the shops or wherever you want to go. In this respect, Denmark may be the same as Holland. I met a Dutch girl cyclist in New South Wales, about a year ago, and she told me that nobody used a good bike in Holland; if you did, it would be stolen. And that reminds me that every bike that was parked in the street in Copenhagen was locked by a heavy chain, so maybe there is something in the story. I managed to spend an evening in the Tivoli Gardens, partly because I had always wanted to, and partly because just before I left, there was talk of setting up something similar in Civic. My firm con clusion is that those who opposed the idea, for whatever reason, could not have been more wrong. The Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen are not a Luna Park in a sylvan setting; rather are they a series of enchanting pleasure gardens, with the emphasis on the last word. There are tulip gardens galore, with an almost unimaginable variety, there are lakes with wild birds and water lilies, there arc rose gardens and grassy areas, and although the Big Dipper is there all right, it is not conspicuous, being hidden by the proliferation of trees. It is the meeting placc par excellence for families who want to take the evening air, for children to scamper around while their parents talk, for side shows such as a Chinese theatre, roller coaster rides for the teenagers, brass band (three of them — the place is plenty big enough) for those who like to sit and enjoy music, cafes for those who prefer to attend to the inner man — all for the price of 12 Kroner (about SI Australian). Unless you want to eat and drink in a cafe or leave your stomach on the ground while the rest of your body goes round in the Big Wheel, you need pay no more than the price of admission. If anything can put life into Civic, it is the Tivoli Gardens concept, and although I would like to see them constructed much nearer the lake, which would be the perfect backdrop for such an idea, I would support the original idea if that could not be arranged. I stayed just long enough to see the lights switched on, changing the whijle place into a fairyland. Un fortunately, I did not see the lights at their best, as at this time of the year it does not get dark until about 11 o'clock, and even then the darkness is not much more than a twilight that lasts only until about four o'clock the next morning. The next day I am off to see the famous mermaid, and then on to Merry England. See you next week. Pedal Power will conduct an easy day-ride to Tharwa, Lanyon and Pine Island on Sunday. All are welcome. For details call Chris Bellamy on 413027 (home). 