Helping the children of Skid Row ffNEvHäöLEFOR fr SINGING STAR NINAj Since the famed duo Nina and Frederik parted company in the ''60s, Nina has known success and failure. Now she has found new joy, teaching kids in the slums Nina, the Danish-born film star, one-time half of the singing husband and wife act Nina and Frederik of the '60s, knows she will never win an Oscar for her new role. She does not even earn a salary for her work. But she says she is happier now than ever before. After several turbulent years during which she made sensational headlines across the world, the jet-setting star has at last found happiness and fulfilment caring for sad, deprived children of the poor among the slums of Skid Row in Los Angeles. The cool, statuesque Scandinavian who once sang such numbers as "Mary's Boy Child" and "Little Boxes" has carved out a new life for herself, working in an area of such poverty and violence that a man's life is worth i less than a can of beer. With the help of a ^social-worker friend, Tanya Tull, she spent two years converting a brokenl down old warehouse into a kindergarten \ for 80 youngsters. Many of them are chil dren of illegal immigrants from Mexico, lliving in overcrowded, squalid conditions 'athome. Nina teaches them to laugh and Play. I i, ^6 we^come I §et from ^e kids 1\r ^ucome nere is plenty for me," says I * |na- "The happiness in their eyes is F'what makes me sleep well at night." She i«ul works as an actress because it gives Jw the freedom she needs to work for children. I I have a small income every month l|*0mthemoney I saved while I was earnIwov611'" She Says' "but 1 sti11 haVe tC> la t TnCe 0r tw*ce a year to ma^e en(*s rath ^° not bve *n ^uxury' ^ut I would I er live simply an way. I have learned Nina at her Los Angeles kindergarten: happier than ever. RIGHT: With Frederik, her ex-husband and singing partner. from life ? and more from my sorrows and problems than from my pleasures." Looking at her blonde good looks, it's hard to believe Nina has just turned 50. The years have not dimmed her beauty and she is not afraid to talk about her age. "It's rather a nice feeling to be getting on in years." Born in Copenhagen, she was first married to Hugo Wessel, son of the Duchess of Leinster. She was later entitled Baroness when she married Baron Frederik Van Pallandt. They had three children during their marriage, which lasted 15 years and, as the famous duo, they appeared together in concerts all over the world. However, Nina was not destined to remain a singer. The partnership came to an end when news of Nina's association with writer Clifford Irving hit the headlines. Their attempted elopement to Mexico made sensational news. Irving was later imprisoned when his biography of the legendary Howard Hughes turned out to be a hoax. It's an episode Nina has put out of her mind. "I'd have to have hypnosis to freshen up my memory," she says. Nina and Frederik were eventually divorced in 1975. Four months later she mar ried the South African playwright Robert Kirby, in Cape Town. "I didn't like the situa tion in South Africa," says Nina. "I just could not stand living there." Three months later the family moved to California. Sadly, Nina's third marriage lasted only nine months. "He didn't like life in California. Also, I think he missed his children who stayed with their mother. We parted as good friends." The idea of Nina's kindergarten on Skid Row arose when she read an article in the "Los Angeles Times". It described the hopeless conditions for children living crowded together in dingy hotel rooms while their parents were working, or roaming the rat-infested streets and corridors. "I kept the article," recalls Nina. "For a long time I had been looking for a job because I don't work very often and had far too much time to spare." Indeed, Nina's Hollywood career has brought her intermittent screen appearances. It was a photograph taken of her during the Clifford Irving scandal that caught the eye of producer Robert Altman. He put her into his film "The Long Goodbye", and that led to other roles in "A Wedding" and "American Gigolo". "It drives me crazy just to stay home," says Nina. "I have fixed everything there now ? made the curtains, re-covered the chairs and painted the whole house. I was looking for some kind of charity CONTINUED PAGE 57 ROM PAGE 55 Helping the children of Skid Row ,ork something which could bring me toU, contact with other people. So, one lorning I simply got into my car and love off to the soup kitchen run by the [jssionary Brothers of Charity. That's I met Brother Jerome. He told me to hone a lady who, apparently, had had ie same plan. And so I got to know anyaTull. "She already had the idea of starting kindergarten and I was all for it. But in ie USA - as everywhere else ? there Je millions of rules and regulations to fcserve. You must have a helper for Very three children under the age of «ro, and one for every four children Inder the age of five ? and so on. It was ton obvious that money was going to be he biggest problem. "I started going to Hollywood parties - something I don't normally do because hate those parties. I went hoping to find person with money to whom I could sell ie idea. It didn't work. But a priest, ather Reeve, managed to find the first 5000 and a friend of mine gave me 1000. "With that money we rented the old arehouse and, having paid a contribuon and rent for the first month we had nly $30. We'd signed a five-year lease nd we had no idea where to get the rest ?f the money. Nina and Frederik were renowned for folk songs like "Mary's Boy Child". "Four months later, Tanya and I sat here, in these empty rooms, and we invited all sorts of influential people around. Little by little, the money started coming in. The 'Los Angeles Times' wrote a leading article about us, and then we had a phone call from a fund which gives away about $10 million every year ? the Weingard Foundation. They gave us $50,000 for rebuilding and we were promised a further $50,000 if we succeeded in raising the same amount within the next four months. "Finally, we got a government grant for 50 children. We still have to raise the funds for the remaining 30. But there are still hundreds of youngsters roaming the streets." The kindergarten also functions as a kind of social centre, where used clothes are collected and distributed to needy families. Nina and her helpers also arrange excursions for neighbourhood children. They are taken on trips to such places as Disneyland, a fire station or Los Angeles International Airport. "That was a fantastic experience ? and quite horrifying," recalls Tanya Tull. "The children were not particularly interested in the aircraft, but they were really excited by the flowers they saw growing outside. Many had never seen a real flower before!" Nina's new life in California is a far cry from the Nordic dream of a relaxed life in the sun. "I love the sun," says Nina, "but I haven't been to the beach CONTINUED PAGE 59 Helping the children of Skid Row ROM PAGE 57 IL» this year, except on outtdgs with the children ? and jjhen I spend my time countJig heads. Fortunately, lomen are privileged today I life begins not at 40 but at m - and I'm certainly not pished yet. "I have had a full life ? I irgood or for bad. Many of liy friends think I'm crazy pending my time on the iexican children without fitting a single penny. But if nlv everybody would do a little more for thers. imagine what a much better forld we would have. "Why can't grown-ups share in the ime way we shared our chewing gum nd sweets when we were children? I feel rivileged to be able to do so now. But len I would rather eat spaghetti than leak and have my freedom. You pay for verjthing in this life. Anyway, I prefer d be here." Since her divorce from Robert Kirby, Jina has lived with her children ? Jicolas, 20, Kirsa, 18, and Ana Maria, 16. I was never keen on having lots of ates," she says. "For the past two years ve been so terribly busy that I've en3yed being with my children when I was y home - we have had a great time The Van Pallandt family: the marriage lasted 15 years. together ? but naturally, they will all move out one day. "Nicolas is studying art at university here, but he misses Europe, and so does Kirsa, who is joining a drama school in London. Ana Maria, who still goes to school here but works as a model in her spare time, wants to go to New York. What will I do then? Well, possibly strike camp and move on. I still have a small house in Ibiza, where Frederik lives with his new wife and child. Maybe I'll go back there if I feel they can get along without me here. "I no longer make long-term plans. All the plans I've prepared so far have never worked out. "I'm kind of rootless now. It doesn't really matter where I live, but when I have decided to live in a place, then I always try to make the best of it." Meanwhile, Nina is working on the possibilities of opening a recreation centre for older children. "If we could only get these teenagers off the streets so that they don't all end up in prison! They have to join some gang, whether they want to or not, otherwise they really don't stand a chance. They all carry knives and many of the boys, even those of only 11 or 12, carry guns." Such children have become the centre of Nina's existence, and her film career has become merely a means of support while she learns more. Sadly, violence is a way of life on Skid Row. Riots between rival gangs are bloody, everyday events. Murders are commonplace ? like that of the young man who was stabbed to death because he would not let go of his can of beer. His life was worth less than the 50 cents a beer costs. Incidents like this remind Nina of the importance of her work among the Mexicans. "So far," she says, "I am needed here every single day." CZJ 