(uiOBiD neiAis) Economic plight forces everybody to cheat just to survive Ghana's social revolution stumbles along From G WYNNE DYER, in London CjHANA'S revolution stumbles on, 20 months after former Flight Lieutenant Jerry Rawlings seized power for the second time, but his "holy war" to root out corruption has a long way to go. Even in the people's defence committees (in the villages and urban neighbourhoods) and the workers' defence committees (in businesses, factories and govern ment ministerics) which are his revolution's main instruments, the old behaviour keeps reappearing. At the end of a recent speech Mr Rawlings sounded exhausted. "Today it is this group from this place," he said. "Tomorrow it is another lot from there. The day after it is someone else. Someone is taking his bonus, someone is collecting. Yes, everybody is cheat ing into his own coffers; everybody is asking for so much that the little wc were able to accumulate has ended up in the hands ... of certain workers." But ordinary Ghanians cannot be blamed for their behaviour - not when the official minimum wage is 12 cedis a day, and one egg costs 6 cedis. A newspaper survey recently concluded that a decent meal for a family of five now costs 150 ccdis, so everybody has to cheat, all the time, in order to get his hands on enough money to survive. Sitting in his headquarters, a castle on the Atlantic coast built by 17th- century Danish slave-traders which Mr Rawlings now calls "the heartbeat of the Third World", he insists that "if we can succeed here, it will be a shining example to Africa". He does not mind his revolution being compared to that in Ethiopia (though there have been very few killings in Ghana, despite at least five coup attempts against Mr Rawlings since Decem ber 1981). Ghana's economic plight was al ready desperate last year, but it was made even worse in February when Nigeria abruptly expelled 1.2 million Ghanaian illegal immi grants who had got "quick money fever" and found jobs there in the days of the oil boom. Ghana's population suddenly swelled by 10 per cent. What Mr Rawlings is fighting is the entire system that has emerged in post- colonial Africa: local elites living a high-consumption Western life-style that eats up all the foreign exchange, utter neglect of rural areas, and an accumulation of un employable and destitute refugees from the land in the slums of the collapsing cities. Ghana is in a particularly ad vanccd state of economic dccay mainly because it has been inde pendent longer than most African countries. But the same phenomenon is visible in two dozen other African countries: an educated elite in the professions, business and the Government cl inging desperately to their privi leges, a steady decline in food production as peasants go back to subsistence farming or flee the land entirely, and growing rage of the poor against the rich. The rage can be felt every day in the big African cities such as Lagos and Kinshasa, and seen in the popular delight that greets any coup attempt against the estab lished order. The high fences, the dogs and the armed guards that defend the homes of the privileged in such countries tell you all you need to know about their stability. Stability has disappeared in Ghana, and a dedicated but inex perienced group of young soldiers and civilians is trying to repair the damage of a quarter- century. They live austerely themselves, and try to direct what money there is into the rural areas where the nation's economic salvation must be found. And when there is not money - which is most of the time - they try to organise the villages and neighbourhoods to carry out their own self-help projects. The Ghanian middle class is hurting. The "one-man-one-house" law, the sevenfold increase in air fares to London, the new law allow ing the Government to take over unused land (85 per cent of Gha na's land lies fallow), the new taxes on executive salaries and property income, the surtax on imports arc things that attack the very basis of their life-style. Unsurprisingly, the core of the opposition to Mr Rawlings's re gime is the Association of Recog nised Professional Bodies (the middle-class trade union) - and students who expected that a uni versity degree would win them en trance to the rich elite, and now see their prospective privileges van ishing. In May, the students rioted in all three of Ghana's universities in the hope of mobilising popular dissent against the Government's harsh new Budget. But it did not work. The trade unions, though their own workers were also hard hit by the Budget, sent their workers to occupy the universities, and the students were expelled from the campuses. The underprivileged still trust Mr Raiwlings, however little material success he has to show them. Gha na's gentlemanly social revolution struggles on. 