A WORLD IN ACTION DIDO WILLCOX ONCE UPON a time “bite” was something Eve took, out of that apple, thus making the first decisive step along the road towards women’s liberation and self- awareness. In the latter half of the twentieth century, change one letter and “byte” is part of the language of computer sciences. Bytes, modern technology and the part, woman must play therein, are just some of the topics that will be discussed in depth at the forthcoming meeting of the Central Board of ORT, the largest independent, technological and vocational education network in the world. Over 150 delegates, the volunteer leaders of national ORT operational and support organisations in 26 countries, together with World ORT union professional staff, will meet for four days, starting on Sunday, to discuss and endorse ORT’s policies. This kind of meeting, which happens roughly every three years, underlines the international flavour of the organisation — financial considerations limit to five the number of official languages for interpretation — English, French, Spanish, Hebrew and Yiddish — but a visitor tuning into delegates’ private discussions could eavesdrop on conversations in Danish, German, Italian, Brazilian, Greek, Swedish, Moroccan Arabic and Maharati, as well as the several different accents of Latin American Spanish. A visitor would also be struck by the special atmosphere of an ORT meeting, by the common purpose of the delegates which cuts across the barriers of language to unite them in planning for a better educational future for young people and adults. In this planning, ORT has many years of knowledge and experience upon which to draw for it has been working in the service of the Jewish people for over a century. Founded in Tsarist Russia in 1880 to enable Jews to leave their ghettos and to earn a better living through training, ORT survived the Russian Revolution and the great changes that ensued. In the aftermath of the Holocaust, it entered the camps and set up schools all over Europe to rehabilitate the survivors through vocational training. In 1949, it opened its first school in Israel in Jaffa, the foundation stone of a network that now boasts 100 schools throughout the State. It has continued to expand and progress not only in Israel but in a large number of diaspora communities. For many years ORT maintained a low profile in the British Jewish community. Several factors conspired to change this state of affairs quite radically over the last few years. First, British ORT, after much consideration, grew an operational arm and, fronted by the Manpower Services Commission, set up a vocational education centre for unemployed 16-year-olds in a Jewish area of Manchester. Secondly, the World ORT Union moved its administrative headquarters from Geneva to London in 1979, a step which aroused much controversy at the time both inside and outside the organisation, but which has since proved its worth, and thirdly the British at large — and this happily has included Jewish parents — awoke to the value of technological and vocational education as an eqiial alternative to an academic future for their children. There is no doubt that while British ORT has built up a sound structure for its burgeoning operational presence in the country — it now has an ITEC (Information Technology) unit in Manchester also funded by the Manpower Services Commission together with the GEC Corporation — the presence of the World ORT Union central office with its research, development and training capacity in advainced technology, has boosted its expansion into the Hasmonean Boys’ School in London and into schools in the Berkshire area authority, where there are now ORT-established computer (JCFNS Feature) ORT students at work: above learning new office technology in France; below, left and right, different skills for different people In Israel streams. Further technology programmes, in Jewish day schools are in the pipeline, all of them counting on World ORT back-up. Unlike most international headquarters, remarkable usually for their calm but somewhat sterile atmosphere, ORT’s world office is bursting at its redbrick seams with educational activity. One feels that at any moment the lift will be commandeered as working space. The offices have had to be reshuffled several times to accommodate the growing amount of research work into advanced technology undertaken by the technical department, which has already run two upgrading seminars for World ORT staff and external teaching personnel in computer sciences and robotics, and a robotics curriculum developed by the department is now in use round the network. More seminars are planned for the coming months. The desire to learn more, about ORT and its very special brand of technical, general and Jewish education inspired various members of the Government to ask for briefing on just how it applied its educational philosophy successfully in such a variety of national circumstances. The recent governmental initiative to introduce a pilot technical and vocational training programme into selected comprehensive schools, very much in the ORT style, has sparked off a number of requests from local education authorities for arranged visits to the French network to see such a programme already in action. The ORT schools in Paris and four- major centres of Jewish population in the French provinces, are expressly designed to give the training both young people and adults'need to overcome the hardships of working in conditions of high unemployment and changing job skills. The ORT schools are certainly not objects of architectural beauty. A converted spaghetti factory houses ORT’s largest French school at Montreuil, Paris, where nearly 1,000 students can study both advanced technology and job- related skills. France’s Jewish population has almost doubled since the immediate post-war years with the influx of immigrants from North Africa and much of ORT France’s attention in recent times has been focused on giving the children of these new French citizens the kind of teaching they^ need to raise their often low level of education to competitive standards. Its schodl directors can justifiably claim that they can take children who have fallen so far behind their peers that their only entry into the system can be through special pre-vocational preparatory classes and motivate them to work their way to university. Hundreds of Jewish and non-Jewish adults come annually to ORT’s French schools to follow short term job-related courses in such skills as plumbing, colour TV repair, ljft maintenance and computer sciences. Course •content is constantly updated to keep pace with job market requirements and obsolete sections closed to be replaced with others, such as office technology or alternative energy sciences, which are more relevant. The drive to bring women into the world of technology can be noted throughout the network. ORT is distinguished by having a thriving school in an Arab country, Morocco, where among other achievements it has done much to promote the education of girls. Both sexes now study a recently implemented computer science course. In Bombay too, young Jewish girls have been beneficiaries of ORT style education and although, as their director says, they know that early marriage will prevent them going on to further studies, they do not hesitate to get good grounding in secretarial and beauty care trades, which often help them when they become new immigrants in.Israel. ORT France boasts a lady plumber and in every ORT school there are more girls annually taking computer sciences, electronics, engineering and mechanics. The growing awareness among community leaders worldwide that assimilation will bring about a drastic shrinkage of the Jewish people has reinforced ORT’s determination to strengthen the Jewish identity of its students and reinforce the Jewish atmosphere of its schools. Its. future plans in this direction will also include adults, for the effect of schooltime Jewish instruction is halved if it is not matched by parental support. This is nowhere more important than on the Latin American continent and in Italy, where ORT’s part in fighting against assimilation cannot be underestimated. In Argentina and Brazil it has technical schools of high reppte, while in the smaller communities its insertion of technical streams at primary and secondary levels has done much to make the Jewish day schools there more attractive places for Jewish parents to send their children. It would be hypocritical to deny that the most emotive as well as the most complete ORT national network is in Israel. Its history is intertwined with that of the State, a part of the same canvas of progress and construction at the cost of enormous sacrifice, courage and effort. In 1948, there were 2,000 vocational students, today there are 75,000, nearly' 50,000 of them ORT Israel students. ORT continues to play a vital role not only in the development of the country’s industry, but also in giving a people a common experience, overcoming social and cultural differences. Through its giving of equal educational opportunities in advanced tech nology, vocational and general education to deprived and to privileged children alike in development areas and urban centres, it encour ages the positive coming together of young people of all origins, eliminating the negative role that origin can play in the economic, politi cal and social future of any individual. Ort Israel’s high schools, technical colleges, factory and apprenticeship centres, its special education units for the disturbed and disruptive child, are essential for the country’s progress, security and welfare at every level. ORT’s horizons are not limited to the Jewish world alone. For more than two decades it has extended its training to the developing nations, offering technical and vocational assistance in short and long term projects, which have forged links and initiated new understanding between the Jewish people and the Third “World. Through its technical assistance in such varied areas as road building and maintenance, rural integrated development and mother and child health care, ORT has acted as one channel to transform a little of the wealth of the Western world into the most practical aid that exists, tht training of men and women to improve and build the infrastructure, industry, agriculture and services of their own country. The ORT story is not achievement all the way; ORT faces giant-size problems along with giant-size expectations and hopes both inside and outside its ranks. It must ^continue to expand its high technology programmes and this means continual and expensive re equipping if ORT is to remain productive and effective. It must maintain its special individualised style of education and the caring' approach of its teachers to their students. This means upgrading seminars and on-the-job retraining to keep personnel abreast of new technology and pedagogy. It must integrate computers into all branches of its teaching. And its promise to bring more forceful Jewish education to its- network means innovative rethinking of both method and curriculum. It is in the light of these hopes, expectations and problems, that the World ORT Union, central board will be asked to contribute its thinking and its specialist knowledge to charting the expansion not only of ORTs educational programme but also of its essential support organisations and fund-raising capacity, in order to imprint the true image of ORT in the 1980s in the minds of the Jewish people and in those of the wider community. Dido Wiilcox is ORTs information and public relations officer. 