Living forward—and with memories BY GENEVIEVE FORDE it is a romantic story. He was 20 and she was 17. He came from Vilna in the north of Poland. She came from Katowice, near the Ger man border in the south. It was 1945 and they were among the handful of Polish Jews who, by good luck or good management, had sur vived the Nazis. Three and a half million others had been wiped out. But before they could relax, there was another threat on the horizon. The Russians were coming. Therfe was a fashionable book around at the time called "Arc de Triomphe" by Eric Remarque about a group of German Jewish refugees who ran away from the Nazis to Paris in the early '30s. The focal point of the story was a Paris nightclub called Sheherezade, where the nar rator, a doctor, arranged to meet his girl-friend when he ar rived in the city. .FAIRYTALE... The young couple identified in this story, also loved Rimsky Korsakov's music and knew the legend of the Princess Sheherezade who entertained the king with stories all night and got him so interested that he omitted to have her ex ecuted the next morning, as was his habit with princesses, because he could not bear to miss the next episode. So they decided to run away to Paris and meet at Sheherezade, and be married. They did. Then they decided to im migrate to Australia. To Melbourne, where many of their friends were. There, they bought a home-made chocolate-shop-cum-milk-bar in Acland St. called O'Sheas, changed it into a restaurant, and called it — Sheherezade. That was 25 years ago. On May 25 this year, Sheherezade is 25 years old. It still has the same owners — Avraham and Masha Zeleznikov. It is a romantic story. But it is also a story of con siderable suffering, hardship and hard work. It is only in the last few years that Avraham and-Masha Zeleznikov have had the time and money to 'live happily ever after'. If someone had told the young couple in the Lodz youth camp in 1945 that they would end _ up owning a restaurant in Australia, they would have laughed at the idea. Masha was studying medicine. She wanted to be a doctor. Cooking did not hold any attraction. Avraham, being a European man, did not cook. That is the wife's job. Nor was he the type to own a restaurant. When his friends heard later that he had become a restaurateur, they could not believe it. Anyway, he was studying to be a teacher when, first Hitler, then Stalin interrupted him. ; LONG START When they met, Avraham and Masha had already suf fered a great deal. Masha had spent the war in Russia — first in a Siberian camp and then in the south of Russia near the Chinese border — with her family. They were among the 200 of the 2000 Polish Jews who sur vived the experience. Avraham's father was shot by the Russians because he was a union leader in Vilna, which the Russians controlled before they went to war with Germany. They wanted only bright red socialists — Com munists — on the scene, so all the socialist leaders were eliminated. The rest of his family was "li quidated" by the Nazis. AvVaham was 16 when they ar rived on the scene. He fought with the Jewish resistance until it was obvious that the Vilna ghetto would be totally destroyed. Then he fled with the other fighters through the city sewers into the forest where they joined the Russian par tisans. Following the War, Masha and family returned to Katowice following a nine week train journey across Russia in a cattle truck, and asked where all the Jews had gone. The horror of what they had escaped stared them in the face. As things settled down, Poland seemed "like a. paradise" after what they had been through, she said. But not for long. Another shadow was spreading across the country, this time from the east. The Russians were inexorably tightening their grip on Poland yet again. There were several political parties; then there was one. It was time to go. When they arrived in Melbourne, they had a six month-old .baby and the equivalent of $10 to their name — and no command of English. Avraham Zeleznikov could not teach, except at a Jewish Sunday school, and was forced to take work in factories when he could find it. In those days, migrants were regarded as aliens — the sooner they assimilated the better. There was no chance of Masha becoming a doctor. "Our English was not very good and I had a little sick baby," she said. NEW WAYS (Their eldest son, John, originally named Yankel, had polio as a child. Now 31, he has a research job in mathematics at Michigan State University. He would like to work in Australia but there are no jobs going in his line at the moment.) "My medical degree didn't mean anything in Australia," Masha said. "So I couldn't do a thing." "Did you resent it?" "I did at the beginning: I hoped that I would have been able to work in medicine, but that was only the first year. "Now I'm quite happy because it (the restaurant) gives me a lot of free time and I can enjoy things I like. Anyway, my daughter went in my footsteps. She is working as a doctor." Her daughter, Janet (originally called Ychevet, for Masha's mother), now 26, is a psychiatrist at Larundel Hospital. Australia in the 1950s was "very snobbish and very stuf fy,” Masha said. "It was like a new home to us, but we did feel everything we knew in Europe was dif ferent here. The shops were • Avraham and Masha Zeleznikov at Sheherezade, with artist Devi Tuszynski (right). closed on Sunday — you couldn't get a newspaper; you couldn't even get a cup of cof fee ... "We decided we are going to do something about it and we bought this place and nam ed it after Sheherezade — maybe it's romantic, but this is the true story." When John started school, they were faced with educa tion expenses, and the restaurant was their last chance, financially speaking. "We bought Sheherezade without a penny," Masha said. "It was really a sort of desperate act." They borrowed money from their friends, and their friends borrowed money from their friends, and they were abJe to rent Sheherezade. "Years later", when they had paid back all their debts, they bought it. BECAME HUB The. first three years of Sheherezade were the worst, Masha said. They lived upstairs in three rooms and worked seven days a week from 9 a.m. till midnight. Masha did all the cooking and was continually running up and down the outside stairs at rear of the restaurant to check on John. "I still don't regret coming to Australia. I never did. No matter how hard it was. I felt the freedom of Australia which we never had in Europe. "When you come here, you don't see policemen wearing guns. Here you can walk for 10 years and they don't ask for documents — unless you have a car accident." It was not just the freedom they appreciated in their new country: they began to enjoy the restaurant too, despite the hard work and the long hours. "I started liking the people, and then I liked my job because it gives me financial security, and the possibility to do other things I liked. "Very often when I couldn't go out to meetings or social gatherings, people would come here." Sheherezade became a "focus of Jewish life in Melbourne. It still is. Some of the early customers have died, but now their children and grand-children are coming to the restaurant," Masha said. "If you go to Acland St. on Sunday morning for coffee and cake and a newspaper, the Jewish men are spilling out on to the street, talking about im portant things like politics — Israeli, European and Australian — and whatever else Jewish men talk about when they get together without their wives." Artists come to Sheherezade as well — ones who paint, like Albert Tucker, John Harley, Jim Wigley "and many others", ones who dance, like Nureyev, Margot Fonteyn, Barishnikov, the Pavlovs, the Koslovs, and ones who sing, like Joan Sutherland, and film and theatre producers and directors. Channel O made a small film about the visiting Polish/Jewish miniaturist who lives in Paris; Devi Tuszynski, when he was here visiting family last year. Politicians come as well: Labor ones. "Everybody knows we are very much involved with the Labor Party," Masha said. Bob Hawke has been there several times, and they hope he will come to their.25th an niversary celebration later this year; also John Charles, Clyde Holding and "lots of others". And, of course, every visiting Israeli emissary seems to find his way to Sheherezade at some stage. When there was a film festival or play on at the Palais (just round the corner near St Kilda beach) they were "completely packed". CLIENTELE "I would serve just the last customer and rush off and see the film or play and come back with the people coming from the theatre — this is how I've been going all my life," Masha said. "People would have their meal at home and come to Sheherezade for coffee and a chat," Masha said. "You can hear five languages spoken here/' She speaks half a dozen herself. At one stage they thought of, selling Sheherezade but took on a partner instead, "to make life easier", and keep the restaurant in the family. Now Avraham and Masha only work there every second day, supervising. They eat there most nights. From 20 years of daily cooking, Masha no longer has to do it. In the beginning, most of their customers were, Jewish, "but now, we are having a lot of young people who are used to this kind of place." She knows all the customers, and what they like to eat. "J couldn't allow myself to be sick for a day," she said. "One liked cauliflower; one liked carrots. I had to remember these things. I knew mostly everybody and I looked after them." The meals were always huge. They still are. "We started with these bachelors coming hungry from work. That was the only meal they had. So we keep up the tradition of a big meal.” The original menu was .Masha's mother's cook book. It has not changed. "We tried a few times to bring in-different dishes, but we decided that the original ones are the best because these are things you can't get in other restaurants." Traditional Jewish things such as chopped chicken liver, chicken soup and kreplach and chulent (they once had a Chinese customer who would not eat anything but chulent. It looked funny to see him eating it, Masha said.) Then there is borscht and potatoes (Jewish — a glass of cold beetroot juice and potatoes — not Russian, which is hot cabbage soup and potatoes) and Gefilte Fish. "The Jews in Poland were very poor. They used to buy fish and put in egg and onion and bread to make more of it," Masha said. "Now it's very much a traditional Jewish dish." The menu also offers "Euro pean dishes including chicken schnitzel, T-bone steak, ravioli, frankfurters, spaghetti, cabbage rolls (cabbage leaves with spicy mince and filling), stuffed veal brisquet, plenty of soups and salads and even an open Danish sandwich. The cappucino is "ex cellent" — Masha said they im ported the first espresso machine into Australia — and there is also tea and a murky looking black coffee which Avraham drinks with a drop of milk, called Maquiato. 'EXPANDED' Sheherezade has introduced cakes relatively recently, since their current partners, another Polish/Jewish couple, Mr. and Mrs. Szarak, arrived. Mrs. Szarak used to work in a Polish bakery — hence the cakes: Fruit cake (sponge cake with fruit set in jelly on top), cheese cake, poppy seed cake, apple crumble and black forest cake (chocolate, cherries, cream and rum) — all made on the premises. Whether there is in fact such a thing as a Jewish cake is another question. Masha thinks probably not, unless it is baked (Continued on page 19) FORWARD—AND WITH MEMORIES (Continued from page 18) with matzot instead of ordinary flour. 'The Jews have been so long in Poland that it's all the same," she said. "People don't know the difference. A cake is a cake!" Masha, as the Princess Sheherezade, does most of the talking. Avraham seems con tent to listen. "I'm not shy," Masha an nounced, by way of explana tion. "And how!" Avraham in tervened cheerfully. Unabashed: "I don't believe in false modesty. We live in a free country. I state my views always on what side I am on. I'm not worried about it. "He's a good public speaker," she said of her hus band. "He has to have a big audience total k. On the day of the interview, Avraham Zeleznikov had ad dressed an audience at the Jewish Museum on the Holocaust, a subject on which he is called on frequently to speak. v As well as being treasurer of the Jewish Welfare Society (Masha is an interpreter for the society), he is chairman of the Heritage Committee of the Victorian Jewish Board of Deputies, with responsibility for organising the Holocaust commemoration ceremonies in Melbourne each year. Masha wants him to stop all his extra-Sheherezade activities and sit down and write a book about his World War II ex periences. Neither of them is particular ly enamoured with all the "glossy" American accounts of :he Holocaust which have been appearing on film and ;e!evision. Even books like Thomas <eneally's "Schindler's Ark" tre second hand accounts, she ;aid. “My children and myself are very much hoping that he'll write his war experiences," Masha said. "It's terribly im portant that the ones who did survive the War do write about it, or it will disappear and it will be looked at from a different angle. I don't know if he will do it ... " "When I retire . . . " Avraham said — "I'm still too busy to sit down at the mo ment." 