EXECUTIVE COUNCIL OF AUSTRALIAN JEWRY ANNUAL CONFERENCE, 1984 Jewrv s immigration stance praised MELBOURNE: The Jewish community’s participation in the immigration debate was praised by the chairman of the Australian institute of Multicultural Affairs, Dr Kenneth Rivett. Dr Rivett addressed the luncheon session of the Executive Council of Aust ralian Jewry’s (ECAJ) an nual conference. “During the exchanges on Asian immigration this year, your president, Isi Leibler, wrote twice to the newspapers on behalf of this council,” Dr Rivett said. “He spoke not only on behalf of a people with a long experience of oppres sion and an equally long tradition of protest against injustice. “He also spoke with the authority given by what Jews had seen in the way of changes in public attitudes. “Professor Blarney’s worst offence in the past year was not to voice his concern, for there is no harm in frankness if it follows a real effort to weigh the evidence. “He was guilty because by speaking in the first place without having then made a serious study of 1 current immigration po licy, and by repeating his ill-chosen words again and again, he weakened the confidence of some of his fellow Australians,” Dr Rivett said. “If he comes back to the debate now that the elec tions are over — and the Eoliticians’ good behavior, y and large, has been a crushing rebuke to him — we will need- to keep challenging him on his facts, where they are wrong, and on the policy inference he draws from his facts. “Unconsciously, nations prepare during decades even centuries, for how they will respond in a time of trial. “Some democracies were particularly well prepared for the crisis of 40-odd years ago. “After the Nazis occupied Denmark in 1940, its Jewish people, for some years, were left alone. “Then, very quickly, word spread that they were in imminent danger. • Dr Kenneth Rivett j speaking at the ECAJ’s ; luncheon session. “Some Danes who first 1 heard the news had the con fidence based partly on ] their nation’s history to ( turn to other Danes seeking i their co-operation in bring- < ing Jews to safety. < “As you all know, a high proportion of Danish Jews I were moved across the sea i to safety. 1 “That is the kind of ' confidence that we Aust ralians — Jew and Gentile, < Anglo and non-Anglo — : must continue to have and ' to encourage in each i other,” he said. < Dr Rivett thanked Mr Leibler and the ECAJ for < continuing “to help Aust- ; ralians to build and main- < tain that type of con- < fidence”. i 