European elections LONDON (JCNS): France: The success of the. extreme Right-wing National Front Party in last month's European elections has thrown French politics into turmoil. Led by former paratrooper, Mr Jean-Marie Le Pen, the party gained nearly 2,200,000 votes — 11.06 per cent of the total — while the Communist Party polled 11.19 per cent. The National Front will have six members at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, a fact which worries French Jews, who recall that the extreme ' Right in France has always been violently anti-Semitic. West Germany: The Greens emerged as the vic tors in the elections, while the larger parties were dissatisfied both with their own results and with the waning interest of the elec torate in- the event. Of the parties in the ruling coalition, the Christian Democrat-Christian Social Union alliance lost one seat, while the Free Democrats were staggered by the loss of all four of their seats and will no longer be represented in Strasbourg. Their place is taken by the Greens, who obtained 8.2 per cent of the vote — five per cent more than in the last elections in 1979 — and will have seven seats in the new Parliament. According to some sources, the Green move ment has been infiltrated by extremists — including neo Nazis and anti-Zionists — seeking legitimacy. Denmark: The elections proved successful for the Danish parties which sup port membership of the European Economic Com munity. The Conservative Party, headed by the Prime Minister, .Mr Poul Schluter, gained two seats. One of the four elected members was a Jewish lawyer and television reporter, Miss Janett Op penheim, 31. Belgium: Elections here, where voting is compulsory, did little to change the coun try's political scene. Disenchantment with Government policies pro duced a protest vote in favour of the Green move ment, which will send two members to Strasbourg. A large number of votes also went to Mr Roger Nols, the mayor of a Brussels district heavily populated by North African immigrants, whose views have been compared with those of Mr Le Pen in France. Mr Nols himself rejects this comparison. The Liberal Party, which generally supports Israel and is led by a Jew, Mr Jean Gol, the Belgian Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Minister, did well in the elections. The other party to improve its position was the Flemish Socialist Party. One of its , (Continued on page 11) European elections (Continued from page 5) MEPs, Mrs Marijke von Hemeldonck, has sponsored European Parliament in itiatives on Soviet Jewry, Israel and Holocaust Studies. Holland: Among the 25 Dutch representatives in the new European Parliament, two are Jews. Mr Ru Cohen and . Mrs Heddy d'Ancona are two of the nine Socialists who ob tained seats in Strasbourg. The success of the Centre Party has caused some alarm. It has only one seat in Strasbourg, but increased its vote substantially in Amster dam and at The Hague. Although the party's views are not explicitly anti Semitic, may consider its declarations to be racist. United Kingdom: Four Jewish candidates — all Con servatives — were successful in the elections. Three sitting MEPs who were re-elected: Mr Derek Prag (Hertfordshire) won a majority of 45,392 over the Labour candidate; Mr Madron Seligman (Sussex West) sailed home with a majority of 57,502, and Mr Fred Tuckman (Leicester) just scraped in with a majority of 2,892. The fourth successful can didate was Mrs Sheila Faith, formerly MP for Belper, who lost her Commons seat last year. Contesting Cumbria and Lancashire North, Mrs Faith beat her Labour rival by 23,795 votes. Some of the Jewish com munity's best friends in the European Parliament were also re-elected. They include Mrs Barbara Castle, the Labour leader in Strasbourg, who held, on to her theoretically- marginal .Greater Manchester West seat, with a majority of 37,698 over the Conser vative candidate. 