Award-winning author explores Jewish roots By LYSBETH COHEN© When the Australian Science Fiction Society presented author Russell Hoban with its 1983 Achievement Award for Best International Fiction during his recent visit to Sydney, he was surprised and delighted. In Australia as a special guest for Writers’ Week at the Adelaide Festival where his book Pilgermann was officially launched, fantasy and children’s writer Russell Hoban travelled to all States. Pilgermann is his sixth adult novel and he has fifty two children’s picture- story books to his credit. An unassuming, quietly speaking, grey-haired stocky man who favors casual dress, Russell Hoban seems surprised when • Russell Hoban people are impressed by the number and variety of his books. The Australian Science Fiction Society Award was for his book Riddley Walker, which won a similar award in America in 1981. It tells of a lone man returning to a desolate England long after civilisa tion has been destroyed. The idea for this book came to him, after visiting Canterbury Cathedral. There he saw the reconstruction of a wall painting of the life of St Eustace, a Roman warrior turned Christian at the time when such people were usually fed to the lions, who tried to take his wife and children to Jerusalem. This book is a set work at the University of Queens land and at Flinders University. A comment by Antony Burgess on its cover reads: “This is what literature is meant to be”. RUSSIAN Russell Hoban was born in Lansvale, Pennsylvania, the only son and youngest child of Russian Jewish immigrants. His father was adver tising manager of a Jewish paper in Philadelphia and very active in the Jewish Workmen’s Circle during the 1930s, championing the fight against racial prejudice and trying to awaken people’s social consciousness during the Depression years. His mother raised pigeons, table birds which she sometimes exhibited at shows, about 2000 in pens at their out-of-town home. Russell used to help her with them. He studied art before going into the US Army in World War II, then had various jobs for several years. First he worked for little magazines, then did illustrations for an advertising studio and cartoons for TV commer cials and later as TV art director for a large New York advertising agency. His first children’s book was published in 1959 when he was working as a free lance illustrator; other children’s books followed. In 19(57 he quit his job as copywriter for the Doyle Dane Bernbach advertising agency in New York to become a full-time writer and went to London intending to stay two years. He has lived there ever since, feeling for the first time in his life that in London he could write freely, from his own experience and whatever he thought. “Reality is whatever is,” he said. “Whatever is in your head is real. “Most critics and reviewers seem to find a myth-making quality in my work and to me the myth making capability is something that present-day people have lost for the most part. “I don’t think the ills of the world are going to be solved by rational thinking and we have a better chance of survival if we adopt a mythic perception which will put us in a truer relation to reality,” he said. He and his wife and three young sons live at Fulham, where he writes ten hours a day, seven days a week. He encourages his family to come up to his workroom to chat, to listen to the music he likes to have on radio or recording while he works, or to sit quietly with him. He has four older children in America from a former marriage. Russell Hoban’s first novel, The Mouse and Child, has been made into a cartoon feature. There is talk of a film to be made from his Turtle Diary, the screenplay already written by Harold Pinter; and he is hoping a film of Riddley Walker will be made in Australia. TRANSLATED Some of his books have been translated — into Italian, French, German, Swedish, Danish, Dutch, Hebrew and Japanese. Russell Hoban’s adult books are unusual: inanimate objects assume personalities and the humans in that environment regard it all as perfectly natural. This is in a way indicative of Russell Hoban’s own personality. Of Pilgermann, he wrote: “one hears more and more these days about people looking for their roots, seeking out their origins. “It’s a very natural thing to do; but why is it so natural? “One assumes that it’s the people who are seeking out the origins, but might it not be that the origins are seeking out the people? “That’s how it seems to me ... I feel inhabited by a consciousness that doesn’t seem to have originated with me. “It seems to be looking out through the eyeholes in my face for as long as I have a face for it to look through; when I am gone it will find other eyeholes, another face. “We are the termini of the universal mind and in that mind is our total experience: every image ever imagined or actually seen, every word ever written or spoken, every thought ever thought moves through that mind and through our world, ceaselessly mingling and combining with every other and joined by new ones every moment. Continuing with this theme, he wrote that he had never encountered the “Jewishness of me” so fully before, and “in being opened to that Jewishness I found the everything elseness flooding in full of strangeness and mystery”. While in Sydney Russell Hoban participated in the Nimrod Theatre’s evening of writers reading from their own works — to a capacity and most enthusiastic audience. He spent about half a day recording for the ABC’s Books and Writing session and was interviewed on a radio morning program. He was present at several bookshops to sign copies of his books. Of his month in Australia he was most enthusiastic and he hopes to return. Perhaps if that film is made here . . . 