TIE NEEDS, CONDITIONS Communal roof bodies should change their approach to government on behalf of Israel, international affairs commentator, Mr. Sam Lipski said on Sunday. Addressing the third session of the ECAJ annual confer ence at Beth Weizmann Centre, he said it was all very well to go to Government to bring forward political view points on behalf of Israel. “But we have to work towards building up Israel’s economic welfare” he said. “In so doing, we can stress the benefits that would accrue' to Israel!’ Mr Lipski said the Aus tralian Government was very sensitive to Australia’s techno logical needs. Israel has a high technolog ical component to its economy and roof bodies such as the ECAJ and the Zionist Feder ation could do well to foster this kind of exchange. “There is an opportunity for the ECAJ and other roof bod ies to look at the question of high technology!’ he said. Mr Lipski said that organi sations such as the Australia Israel Chamber of Commerce were doing much to foster two way trade between the two na tions but much more could and should be done. Mr Lipski said that the fact that the Australian press was less hostile today to Israel showed that the government was favorable to Israel. Australia is a country where no foreign policy view exists other than the official view and that if the Government takes a firm stand, then it permeates to the press. He suggested that the tone of the Australian press com mentary followed the main stream of world centres in New York and in London. There would probably be no change to the present situation for at least 18 months; Prime Minister Robert Hawke would have that time to hold the present line of policy on the Middle East. Mr Yissakhar Ben-Yaacov, (Israel Ambassador) told delegates that next month a party of six to eight Opposi tion MPs would be visiting Is rael as guests of the Israel For eign Ministry. During discussion on Mr Lipski’s paper “Austra lia/Israel 1984” Mr. Mark Lei bler (Zionist Federation presi dent) criticised the NSW Jew ish Board of Deputies for con ducting a pre-poll survey of candidates before the recent Federal election. He said nothing new had been learned from the survey and it had locked people into political positions from which they either could not budge or it would be difficult to move them. POLICY During the luncheon ses sion, Dr Kenneth Rivett chair man of the Australian Institute for Multicultural Affairs (AIMA) spoke on Immigra tion Policies for Today and Tomorrow. Dr Rivett said that in the 1984-85 financial year the Aus tralian Government proposes to admit 42,000 migrants who are relatives of permanent residents. It also proposes to admit 11,000 people who are refugees as defined in the United Na tions convention and protocol, and a further 3000 who are not refugees in the strict legal senses under the Special Hu manitarian Program. A family re-union compo nent within the immigration programme, a refugee compo nent and a component com prising victims of war or perse cution who may not be refu gees in the technical sense must be maintained. Dr Rivett said that uncons ciously, nations prepare during decades, even centuries, for how they will respond in a time of trial. “Some democracies were particularly well prepared for the crisis of 40 odd years ago. “After the Nazis occupied Denmark in 1940, its Jewish people, for some years were left alone. “Then, very quickly, word spread that they were in immi nent danger. “Some Danes who first heard the news had the confi dence, based partly on their nation’s history, to turn to other Danes seekihg their co operation in bringing Jews to safety. “In the event, the confidence they showed in their country men’s courage and freedom from prejudice proved to be justified, and a high propor tion of Danish Jews were moved across the sea to safety. “That is the kind of confi dence that we Australians — Jew and Gentile, Anglo and non-Anglo — must continue to have and to encourage in each other, Dr Rivett said. 