cLIFE STYLE) PEOPLE Fibre exhibition at Strathnairn The MACRAME and Fibre Crafts Association will stage a fibre exhibi tion at Stralhnairn Gal lery as its contribution to Fibre Interchange '84 activities. The special feature of this exhibition will be a community tapestry de signed by Barbara Jack son, crcatcd and worked by members of the associ ation and students from the Belconnen area. The project was funded by the arts activities sec tion of the Department of Territories and Local Government and as sistance and facilities provided by Blue Folk Community Arts Associ ation. The fibres used "were bought, provided by members, from re verse garbage and grasses, bark and twigs from na ture". The exhibition will be open daily from 10am to 4pm at the gallery in Stockdill Drive, in Holt, from Saturday until May 20. War widows THE War Widows" Guild (ACT) will hold its annual meeting at 1.30pm at Legacy House on Saturday. All members arc urged to attend as there will be an election of officers and voting on an amendment to the constitution. Members are asked to take a donation of tinned foods for the Smith Family. THE Canberra Doll Club will meet at 2pm at the Dickson Library on Saturday. At the close of the meet ing, a talk and display will be held on pedigree dolls and antique fans. After noon tea will be served. MEMBERS of the Country Women's Association, Canberra Doll club branch, will be enter tained by a musical pro gram at the CWA rooms at the corner of Moore Street and Barry Drive from Ipm tomorrow. Guest artists will be Myra Law and Tom Hore who will be accompanied on the piano by Dorothy Hall. Art on Move GAIN greater insight into some of Canberra's public works of art during an Art on the Move walk organised by the Crafts Council of the ACT on Sunday. Judy Silver, herself an artist and a lecturer at the Canberra School of Art, will lead the walk. She will discuss the contrast in attitudes to creating public works of art held by different artists, as well as giving background information on the works. The walk, which should last about two hours, will take in the High Court, the Treasury, the National Library and the Edmund Barton building. Those interested should meet at the King George V Memorial outside Par liament House at 10am. USSR A FILM about the con stitutional rights and duties of Soviet citizens will be shown at the meet ing of the Australia USSR Socicty, ACT branch, on Sunday. The 30-minute colour film will be screened at 11.15am at the Canberra Tradesmen's Union Club, in Dickson. The branch committee will meet at 10.30am. The film deals with the right to work and the duty to work for the wellbeing of socicty; the right to housing and responsi bility of taking good care of it; the right to enjoy the achievements of culture and the duty to preserve cultural values; and other social and political rights and duties. The aim of Ihc society is to promote mutual un derstanding and friendly relations between the peoples of Australia and the USSR. Veterans THE Ladies Commit tee of the War Veteran's Home, Lyncham, will meet at 10.30am at the home on Monday. The committee's new president, Mrs Betty Jones, succeeds Mrs Jean Walkden who is moving to Melbourne. Calvary THE Calvary Hospital Auxiliary will meet in the functions room at the hospital at 12.30pm on Monday. Mrs Dagmar Gilfelt will demonstrate Danish rug making at 1.10pm. Aglow THE Women's Aglow Fellowship will meet on the top floor of the Woden Churches Centre at 7.30pm on Monday. The guest speaker will be Carol Saia who is in full-time ministry with her husband, Mike. She is a woman who "knows the Bible and the historical accuracy of God's word and how to apply it for everyday liv ing". For bookings telephone 582787 or 315081. Huntly A PREVIEW of an ex hibition of watercolours by David K. Taylor will beging at the Gallery Huntly, 11 Savige Street, Campbell, at 5pm on Tuesday. The exhibition con tinues until May 29. Garden club MEMBERS of the First Canberra Garden Club are reminded that the May meeting will be held a week later than usual — on Tuesday. It will be held at the School of Horticulture, Heyson Street, Weston, at 10am. A film on Kew Gardens will be shown and there will be a plant and pro duce table. Toastmistress THE Canberra Toastmistress Club will meet in Room 2 of the Griffin Centre on Tues day for a program based on a theme of 'Super stitions'. China THE ACT branch of the Australia-China Friend ship Society will meet at 7.30pm in Room 1 of the Griffin Centre on Tues day. Discussions will centre on Aboriginal groups in Australia and national minorities in the People's Republic of China. Guest speakers will be present. Soroptimist SOROPTIMIST In ternational of South Can berra will hold a business meeting at the home of Jean Nolan, in Mawson, at 7.45pm on Tuesday. Apologies should be given to Karen Roger on 586888 or Jean Nolan on 862107. VIEW Club MRS Hazel Rice will demonstrate the art of candle decoration at the lunch meeting of the Bel connen VIEW Club at 11.15am at the Western District Football Club, Macquarie, on Tuesday. The cost is $7 and book ings should be made with Mrs Betty Rattenbury on 513218 by tomorrow morning. Lunch group MR Eric Boyson will talk on 'Immigration To day' at the Tuesday Lunch Group meeting at 12.15pm in Room 1 of the Griffin Centre on Tuesday. Bolitho 'FANTASY and Col our' is the new exhibition of paintings and prints by leading Australian artists and creative embroidery by Maureen Mutton which opens at the Bolitho Gallery, Hall, on Tuesday. The opening is being or ganised by the Sorop timist International of Canberra- Belconnen from 6pm. Admission is $6 and wine and hors d'ocuvre will be served. The exhibition will con tinue for a fortnight. St Patrick's THE annual meeting of the St Patrick's Catholic Women's League, Brad don, will be held at the Catholic Presbytery, 99 Limestone Avenue, Brad don, at noon on Tuesday. A casserole lunch, at a cost of $2.50, will follow the meeting. New office bearers will be elected. Magellan AN informal Spanish evening will be held at the Manuka Gallery from 7.30pm on Tuesday. The meeting will feature a reading by a repre sentative of the Spanish Embassy of recently dis covered love sonnets of the Spanish writer and poet Federico Garcia Lorca and Spanish songs by Maria Dolores Pradera. The meeting has been organised by the Magellan Society and the gallery. Ozanam ThJE Ozanam Ladies Auxiliary will meet at Ozanam Home, Campbell, at 10.15am on Wednesday. The auxiliary is taking bookings for its annual card party and lunch to be held at the Bridge Club, Deakin, on June 6. To book your table, con tact Mrs Lucy Mac Donald on 498222. Ornithology THE Canberra Or nithologists Group will meet at 8pm in the ANU Forestry Building, Lin naeus Way, Acton, on Wednesday. Jerry and Penny Olsen will present a new video tape on 'Birds of Prey' and Chris Davey will give his postponed talk on 'Birds and the Munum bidgee Corridor'. Sclerosis THE wife of the Gov ernor-General, Lady Ste phen, who is the patron of the. Multiple Sclerosis Society of the ACT, will be the guest of honour at an informal coflee morn ing being held by the society at ACROD House, D'eakin, at 10.30am on Wednesday. Members and friends should let Marion Campbell (512362) or Enid Cumings (541829) know of their intention to attend by Monday. Trust THE annual Founders' Day dinner for the I National Trust of Aus | tralia (ACT) will be held j at the National Press Club at 7pm for 7.30pm I on Wednesday. | The Governor-General, Sir Ninian Stephen, and Lady Stephen will be the guests of honour. Members and their guests can get tickets from the Trust office, 42 Franklin Street, Manuka, or by telephoning 957632. Members arc also re minded that a film evening, which was to have been held on May 22, will now be held at 7.30pm at the National Library Theatrette on May 29. Garden club A NEW committee will be elected at the annual meeting of the Belconnen Garden Club when it meets at 10am at the Bel connen Town Centre Library on Wednesday. THE St Christopher's branch of the Catholic Women's League will meet at 10am at the Hay don Centre, Manuka, on Wednesday. Fellowship THE Canberra Schizophrenia Fellow ship will meet at the Hughes Community Cen tre at 7.30pm on Wednes day. The topic for the evening will be 'Taking the mystery out of mental illness'. Silverpower THE next meeting of Australian Silverpower will be held at 2pm on the fifth floor theatrette of the Capital Territory Health Commission building, corner of Moore and Alinga Streets, on Wednesday. General business will include preliminary plan ning for participation in a senior citizens week, tentatively planned for October and co-ordinated by the Council for the Ageing. There will also be dis cussion on pensions and the general theme will be increasing active partici pation by the "oldies" in community life and af fairs. 'EARLY Marks', an ex hibition of artwork by children of the Free Milk Workshop, North Ainslie Primary School, will open at 6pm at the Bitumen River Gallery, in Manuka, on Wednes day. Artwork 