Ithe community 'Opening day at the Shekem branch in the new Canion Mali in Ramat Gan. I Grand Canion j By MARTHA MEISELS/Consumer Affairs Reporter ; HOW DO THE ADS for internal | tourism put it? “A taste of abroad I without the travel tax...” My candi | date for a few hours abroad at local | prices is the new Canion Ayalon | shopping mall in Ramat Gan, next to | the Stadium. I Apart from the big, well-known ; stores, such as Shekem, Hypercol, Super-Pharm, Steimatzky, Shilav, ; there are several very special small '■j shops in Canion Ayalon, which the casual visitor might overlook. 1 shall : describe three of these - Cotillion, : Doris & Alexander, and Smar tuteria. All three are on the “main ■ street” of the mail, near the Shekem end. 'THE NAME Cotillion, which con jures up images of a grand ball, ;] belongs to a shop which is the first of j its kind in Israel. It specializes in all j the accessories and tools for baking j and decorating cakes - plus a wide ;; range of party decorations and i mouth-watering candies. 3 The shop is owned by Daniel and I Anna Kaminsky, young immigrants | from Argentina, who previously ran | a cake-bakery in Ramat Gan. Their | idea is to offer everything possible to j duplicate professional cake-making at home. It was one of the first shops ^ to open its doors in the Canion, and i; Mrs. Kaminsky says their biggest j problem is getting out of the place at i night because there is such lively j consumer interest. They have been i staying open until 11 p.m., mainly to 1 accommodate the after-cinema ij crowd which wanders in. n The offerings range from such f practical basics as aluminium-foil 1 pans in various shapes and sizes to •\ delightful frivolities such as colour i;j ful plastic carousels to top a birthday cake. The latter, imported from Italy or France, vary in price from I S3,550 to IS7,900. Cotillion prefers local merchan dise when possible, but the decora tions - whether white swans for a wedding cake or a tennis-court for a sportsman’s cake - are mainly im ported. DORIS & ALEXANDER is a clo thing boutique for adult women and their children. It is named after the six- and four-year-olds of its owners, Carlos and Mashe Gmora, new im migrants from Mexico. Mashe Gmora sees the mother-child com bination mainly as a service to mothers. “I know that my six-year old likes to try on clothes when I go shopping for myself.” The boutique’s adult fashions are a mixture of imports and what the Gmoras describe as “local goods of export quality.” Brand-names in clude Michelle Piagy of France, and the local Biba, Cleo, N.M., and Rafi Yacobson. , Children’s clothing is expected to be entirely local, and will range in size from four to 16, which means it will include things for the hard-to-fit early teenagers, both boys and girls. Brand-names for youth include Trick, Mudo Boy and Emanuel. A white summer suit for a boy can run to IS56,000, while a two- piece outfit for a teenage girl can be nearly IS64,000. Some items are discounted for the opening period. Just a few doors away is Smar tuteria, a name familiar to residents of Jerusalem and Bnei Brak, where the firm has been in business for eight years. The Canion branch is its third. David and Leah Meyer, origi nally from the U.S. and Canada respectively, would like to play down the notion that Smartuteria is a shop mainly for religious womenand girls. However, it is hard to escape the realization .that almost all its dresses and blouses have sleeves to the elbow, or longer. For summer time, this will obviously appeal mainly to the very Orthodox custom er, but for the rest of the year, most of the female population wear clothes with sleeves, and many of the . styles are suitable for religious and secular alike. All the local items are either made in Smartuteria’s own workshop or made-to-order for it from other fashion firms. Local dresses for women range in price from about IS60,000 to IS130,000, and sizes go up to 46 in dresses and as large as 52 in skirts. At the other end of the range, great attention is given to the needs of teenage Orthodox girls, since they must wear modest dresses and skirts rather than what is generally in fashion for their age-group. Many items will appear equally to the religious and the secular - flo wered summer skirts, bold-striped T-shirt blouses, straw hats, belts, scarves and costume jewelry. I ASKED Leah Meyer whether she was at all uncomfortable with the image Canion Ayalon has received as a centre in which the restaurants and cinemas (though not the shops) j will be open on the Sabbath. While ! she would prefer it otherwise, she points out quite rightly that religious shopkeepers and customers do not boycott Dizengoff, although they know full well that its cafes are also open on Shabbat. THERE HAS been a recent flower ing of products and services to im prove our homes and gardens. With most Israelis staying in the country this summer, the timing is oppor tune. Danish Market in Netanya is not a place to buy cheeses or other smor gasbord fare; it is a “cash-and-carry” furniture store, the latest innovation of Danish International chain, formerly known as Danish Interiors. Located in Netanya’s industrial zone, where land is cheap, it can offer imported and local furniture at prices as much as 50 per cent lower than comparable, though not iden tical, products at regular Danish shops in the cities. General manager Yoram Alroy says that Danish Market is patterned on similar chains in Europe and the U.S., where customers drive away with their purchases, often on a roof j carrier. Bigger items in wood and metal furniture, even clothes closets, are designed for home assembly, with instructions in Hebrew and English, or in easily comprehensible illustra tions. For customers with two left thumbs, Danish will recommend professional assemblers. The secret of economy at Danish Market is not just its location; another is its small sales staff. There are only three in the 500 sq.m, of sales space. Every item on display is labelled with a price and code number. The customer makes his selection and presents his request at the main desk. Nothing is displayed unless it is available in the stockroom for immediate take-away. 