BOOKS “Israel" (Massada) is a large format album of232 colour photographs by Peter A. Thomas, accompanied by many historical engravings as well as essays in German by David Ben-Gurion and others. A.B. Jewish bookshelf Hanoch Teller LUCY DA VIDOWICZ’S On Equal Terms, (New York, Holt, Rinehart Vinston, $6.95) is an overview of American Jewish history from the early days of an organized Jewish community till today. The author was commissioned by the editors of The American Jewish Yearbook to commemorate a century of Jewish history, commencing with the mass emigration from Eastern Europe in 1881. The great waves of emigration of 1881 were provoked by events which followed the assassination of the Tsar in St. Petersburg, Eventually, about half of East European Jewry settled in America. More than half a century later, two thirds of those Jews who remained in Europe, and their descendants, became the vic tims of the Nazis. Davidowicz re minds us, as we look back over the century, that this mass flight from East Europe was providential for the later survival of Ashkenazi Jewry. Moreover, the U.S. offered more than a haven for the persecuted. In the eyes of Russian and East Euro pean Jews it was a country unmarked by hierarchy, without distinctions of caste and class. THE REALITY, of course, was different. Immigrants who preceded the Jews brought with them their Old World prejudices, including anti Jewish feeling, and religious bigotry. The stereotype of the Jew as Christ killer was not as influential in 19th century America as it had been, and continued to be, in Europe: never theless, the Jew was perceived as a Shylock - the cheat, the dishonest merchant. Actually, these Jewish immigrants were not, for the most part, highly skilled (many of them informed the immigration inspectors that tailoring was their trade, but the evidence is that their answers reflected aspira tion rather than experience). They poured into New York, and later Philadelphia and Chicago, looking for work or relatives. Most of them crowded into slums, and lived in abject poverty. At the turn of the century, there were close to two million of them, classic greenhorns who could be sorted out in three groups: the shvis ters - hustlers driven by the desire to find gold in the streets of New York, and later to be known as the alright nicks, satisfied with their achieve ment and wealth; the observant' Jews, who tried to transplant their East European practices and institu tions in the new milieu; and, lastly, the radicals, who aimed to maintain their political existence in America. These three groups, and all the variations on them, are wonderfully recorded in On Equal Terms. Davi dowicz has a style and authority reminiscent of Barbara Tuchman. Her book is as interesting as the period it describes. EPHRAIM ASHRY’S Responsa from the Holocaust (New York, The Judaica Press, $14.95) is an abridged version of his five volumes of Rabbi nic responsa written in the Kovno ghetto during World War Two. The author, a renowned Talmudic scho lar, by a quirk of fate was put in charge of a warehouse where the Nazis stored Jewish books for a. planned post-war exhibit of “arti facts of the extinct Jewish race.” He thereby had access to major works of Rabbinic literature, which helped him formulate his responsa. These responsa reflect both the horror inflicted on the Jews and their refusal to allow themselves to be dehumanized. The questions addressed to Rabbi Oshry demons trate the Nazis were effective killers of Jews but unable , to break their spirii, or their commitment to God and His mitzvot. Parents asked Rabbi Oshry if they could give their children to priests, or to Christian families, rather than allow them to be killed by the Ger mans. A father who couldn’t bear to witness the murder of his family asked if halacha permitted him to commit suicide under such circum stances. Someone asked about the blessing to be recited before martyr dom. A man whose arm had been tattooed by the Germans with cros ses asked if he could place tefillen on it. A Jew saved by a gentile woman who had since died asked if he could recite kaddish for her. Rabbi Oshry scribbled these ques tions, and his replies, on scraps of paper which he then placed in tin cans, and buried in the Kovno ghet to, as a record of his own religious activities and the efforts of the ghet to inhabitants to retain their Jewish ness. Oshry retrieved his notes after the war. They are the source of the responsa printed in this book. The details of the halachic reason ing are omitted in this English ver sion of the responsa. The lay reader, in any case, does not need to under stand halacha to appreciate the cour age of these Kovno Jews. IT WAS Isaac Bashevis Singer who observed that children are the best readers. But to say that his Stories for Children (New York, Farrar/ Straus, Giroux, $13.95) were written for children would be like saying that Organic Chemistry is designed for High School students (unless, of course, the children are well-versed in magic, imps, the intricacies of the shtetl, and Polish mores). Singer sums up the art of story telling in this collection: “When a day passes, it is no longer there. What remains of it? Nothing more than a story. If stories weren’t told of books weren’t written, men would live like the beasts, only for the day. The whole world, all human life, is one long story.” His stories are deeply Jewish yet they are no more for Jewish children than Andersen’s are for Danish chil dren. They have the sweep, the direct voice-to-ear simplicity, the easy familiarity of folk literature. THE ASSOCIATION of Orthodox Jewish Scientists (AOJS) is an orga nization devoted to the orientation of science in the framework of Orthodox Jewish tradition. Its aim is to present a forum for the intellec tual appraisal of problems confront ing the Orthodox Jew living in a scientifically-attuned society. This aim is best realized in their periodic al. This latest issue (Volume 7) of Proceedings of the Associations of Orthodox Jewish Scientists edited by Charles S. Naiman. (New York, Sepher-Hermon, $12.95) is devoted to a specific subject: Mental Health and Behavioral Sciences. The contributors, all of them scho lars, attack the problems directly. It is concluded, for example, that fami ly therapy concepts fit well into the Tora framework, which provides a powerful treatment resource for the Orthodox therapist, even when he treats Jews who may not be obser-l vant. Such conclusions dovetail nicely for an organization dedicated to “promoting a synthesis of Jewish and secular values and ideas.” ELIEZER SHULMAN’S Seder Hakorot Betanach (The Sequence of Events in the Old Testament, Ministry of Defence Press, no price stated) is an unusual collection of hand-written graphs, all concerned with genealogies and the sequence of biblical events. The author has done far more than just chart the generations between Abraham and Noah. We learn how Jacob could have heard about the flood from one who witnessed the event, or how, according to Ibn Ezra’s interpretation, Daniel erred in his calculation of who Darius was. These, and 200 other items, are plotted and graphed here. RABBI WOLBE, an oleh from Ger many, and a student of the most famous European yeshivot of the interwar period, is recognized as one of today’s leading mussar thinkers and authorities on Tora. He addres ses his thin book, Pathways: A Brief Introduction to the World of Torah (Jerusalem, Feldheim, $4.50) to newly-observant Jews. Wolbe be gins with his readers’ perception of the world around them, and then introduces them to the Tora’s in sights into that same world. There is no preaching or convo- ' luted argument. This is an excellent j translation of the Hebrew original. | PHILIP S. ALEXANDER has l made an impressive collection of source texts, Judaism (Manchester \ University Press, £5.95). They have j been selected on the basis of avail- I able translations. This may account j for their wide variety, for what could even be termed their rather heter ogeneous nature. The Talmud is strongly opposed to f translations of religious texts be- ! cause of the possibility that transla- I tion may lead to error. However, the 1 study of primary texts, however j small their number, is preferable to i generalised and second-hand de- j scriptions of a religion. Still, it can be | a cause of error to read these texts in I translation, and out of context. j In response to the challenges j and innovations of our time, j Yehoshua Neuwirth has compiled j Shemirath Shabbath Kehilchata j (Jerusalem, Feldheim, no price j stated). Few contemporary halachic j works have achieved such popular ity. The English translation of this book is as simple to understand as the original. Marginal headings have been added, along with a detailed twenty-six page index. The author j and translator deserve credit for treating a complex subject in such a reliable yet comprehensible man ner. Sefer Machzor Hazmanim by Eliezer Shavid (Tel Aviv, Am Oved, no price stated), is an at tractively-written book that discus ses the meaning and symbolism be hind the.Jewish holidays, and the manner in which they mesh with Israeli culture today. In The Book of Jewish Belief (New York, Behrman House, $7.95) Rab bi Louis Jacobs has attempted, and often succeeded, in presenting many cogent points in a lucid manner. Aimed at a high school audience, and reinforced by photographs, this book is likely to stimulate many teenagers. Its liberalism is nicely balanced by the author’s traditional approach to most subjects. There are some inaccuracies. □ 