High'flying premier PUBLIC FACES Mark Segal AS Prime Minister Shimon Peres flew off on what may prove to be the most crucial mission of his year-long premiership, he was buoyed by an ever-higher showing in the polls. The latest poll, conducted by Sara; Shemer for Hadashot, completed on the eve of his mission to America via Vienna, accorded him the kind of hyper- popularity enjoyed in their heyday by the late Golda Meir and Menachem Begin. Shemer put three questions: Q. “Whom do you trust more - Shimon Peres or (Vice Premier and Foreign Minister) Yit zhak Shamir? A. Peres-52.8 per cent, Shamir-21.3 per cent, Same 5.6 per cent, Neither-9.4 per cent, don’t know-6.9 per cent. Q. Who’s the better leader? A. Peres-58.4 per cent, Shamir-16.7 per cent, same-4 per cent, neither-8 per cent, don’t know-8.9 percent. Who’s best suited to be our next premier? Peres-51.4 per cent, Shamir-17.2 per cent, same-2.8 per cent, neither-11.6 per cent, don’t know-12.2 per cent. -NO WONDER that the Likud inten sified its sniping even while Peres’s plane was in mid-Atlantic, with Knesset caucus boss Haim Kaufman crying wolf over the Labour leader’s alleged readiness to make conces sions to the Soviets and King Hus sein. The loudest bellow naturally came from Industry and Trade Minister Ariel Sharon, who. volun teered another of his favourite stab in-the-back scenarios. It seems that Arik judges by his own experience as defence minister when constantly charging Peres with acting behind the cabinet’s back. Sharon had a go at Shamir, raising questions over his capacity to cope with Peres’s tactics. No wonder that the vice-premier, besieged by Sharon and other rivals in the Herut leadership stakes, got Deputy Foreign Minister Ronnie Milo to bombard his rotating partner with accusations of “being soft” on Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in the wake of the murder of seven Israelis in Sinai. This prompted the stinging rejoinder from Peres’s boys that Ronnie “should refrain from making political capital out of every Knesset Member Aharon Harel... surprise for a dove. (Uzi Kerem) national calamity.” For once, at least, Milo went public; usually his attacks on Peres are less direct. THE LIKUD has been busy the past fortnight trying to bludgeon Peres with a Yediot Aharonot report, that he commissioned World Jewish Congress president Edgar Bronfman to offer Soviet leader Mikhail Gor bachev a diplomatic deal, involving peace with Syria in return for chunks of the Golan Heights, during his Moscow mission. Likud ally, Morasha Minister-without-Portfolio Yosef Shapiro even taxed the PM with the report at the weekly cabinet meeting. Neither he nor Kaufman were satisfied with Peres’s disclaim er that he had nothing to do with such an offer. Questions still lingered, notwith standing firm denials from tycoon Bronfman and his factotum, WJC executive director Dr. Israel Singer, via the director of the WJC Israel office, Avi Becker. They claimed that the whisky-oil baron kept to matters of Jewish interest in Mos cow. As far as the latter is concerned I gather that Bronfman handed the Soviets a paper dealing with three issues: Direct flights for Soviet olim from Russia to Israel; the granting of priority in exit visas to re fuseniks; and the teaching of Heb rew and the dissemination of Jewish culture among the Soviet Jewish minority. IF OUR workaholic premier’s over crowded agenda accords him a free weekend, that immediately sets all the antennas buzzing. Hence the wave of speculation over what Peres did on the weekend of October 4-5, with talk of a secret foreign encoun ter with (A) Gorbachev during his Paris visit or (B) King Hussein “somewhere in Europe.” The PM’s staff reacted with, “Can’t the pre mier take time off without causing a rumpus?” I have learned that Mrs. Sonya Peres’s absence from the head table at the state dinner given by President Chaim Herzog to honour West Ger man President Richard von Weiz saecker was because she was out of Jerusalem recuperating from an ill ness. Although Mrs. Peres does not have much inclination to participate in the social world or travel with her husband on foreign missions, she does make a point of being by his side for state occasions, like the recent visit of Danish Premier Poul Schluter and his wife Lisbeth. Backing up their party leader at the Socialist International summit were Labour Party Secretary General Uzi Baram, MK Nava Arad and party international secretary Israel Gat. They encountered a hos tile front of the Austrian, Italian and Tunisian parties, spearheaded by ex chancellor Bruno Kreisky, who sought Peres’s exclusion and Israel’s expulsion. Kreisky’s PLO passion obviated any compassion for the Israeli and Jewish victims of his pal, Yasser Arafat. No wonder Peres termed him ”a Jewish anti-Semite.” WHILE in Vienna Peres was upset to hear from home of the death of his secretary, Dalia Bassa, his loyal assistant since 1977, who moved with him from Labour Party HQ to the PM’s Office until her battle with cancer began 10 months ago. She was in her mid-40s. DID British Foreign Office man darins deliberately trip up Premier Margaret Thatcher by misleading her to believe that PLO executives Mohammed Milhem and Bishop Elia Khoury were “true men of peace”? The question begs aftgj the fiasco in London. All they needed to do was study Milhelm’s warlike statements, e.g. to the Kuwait News Agency, May 12,1980, “I call on the Arab states to permit Palestinians to wage from their borders the armed struggle for the liberation of the conquered lands.” The founder of the Labour Party doves’ lobby, MK Aharon Harel, had somewhat a shock when visiting Tulkarm as a member of the Knesset Defence and Foreign Affairs committee watch-dog unit •for the territories. He encountered a rough welcome from Mayor Hilmi Hanoun, who on hearing that the MK came from Poland as a baby, told him, “Why don’t you go back there?” The mayor added “The only solution to the Palestinian problem is on the basis of the 1947 partition lines, with all Jews born outside Israel going back to the lands of their birth.” This prompted Harel to re tort: “If you can’t find , a common language with-a dove like me, then with whom can you talk? Do you want us all to be hawks?” CHAMBERS of Commerce Asso ciation president Dan Gillerman, joining in the chorus of calls for lower interest rates, says, “In real terms they’ve passed 242 per cent, which even the American Mafia da ren’t levy.” TRIBUTE to British Olim Society chairman Eric Lucas’s sterling job in enabling thousands of British Jews settle here was paid by London-born Tel Aviv lawyer Norman Oster at Lucas’s 70th birthday party. His wife, Esther, and their actor son Yoni put on a musical soiree along with the latter’s mother-in-law, pianist Hanna Hacohen, plus the remarkable Kolan Choral quartet of Georgian immigrants, soon off on a coast-to coast U.S. tour. 