World news ■. •. , • .■ ■ West Germany's 4.5 million migrants and 'guest workers' push for change Plan to improve status of foreigners By GERALD STEWART Anew political party has been founded, in West Germany to represent the interests of the country's 4.5 million as yet unnatural ised foreign nationals. The organisation calls itself the Party of Foreign and German Democrats. Germans, most of them naturalised im migrants, had to be included for the party to be legal and be able to function because, under German law, a party cannot participate in an election if for eign nationals make up the majority of its rank-and-file and executive. The majority of migrants and foreign workers — who are classed as tempo rary residents and are expected to re turn to their country of origin after their work contract has expired — sup port the opposition Social Democrats and the pacifist-environmentalist Greens Party. While these parties are more sympa thetic to migrants than the ruling Chris tian Union parties, they can give them pniy a small part of their attention. [This is why Iranian-born Mrs Torkan Daneshfar-Paetzoldt, a 46-year-old po etess, and seven other migrants, includ ing two who have not yet been naturalised, decided to form a party to improve the status of the foreign-born by giving them a vote after five years' residence, by speedier and less cumber some naturalisation procedures and by changes in the laws governing the granting of political asylum. The party, based on and organised m the north German city state of Ham burg, is confident that it will eventually operate throughout the whole of West Germany and that no decision affecting foreign nationals will be made by the Federal Parliament and the state legis lative assemblies without.consultation of the people concerned. Foreigners are entitled to vote in lo cal government elections in Denmark, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and parts of Switzerland. The European Parliament has also declared itself in favour of giving foreign nation als a vote in local elections. In West Germany only the city-state of Ham burg has so far decided to allow its 175,000 foreign residents to vote in district elections, provided they have been living in West Germany uninter ruptedly for at least eight years. But the Federal Minister for the Inte rior, Mr Friedrich Zimmermann, a leading member of the Bavaria-based Christian Social Union, the most con servative party in the Federal Parlia ment in Bonn, has since announced that the Federal Government would do all in its power to nullify the decision of the Hamburg state Government. He and other opponents of the Ham burg Government's move will take the matter to the Federal Constitutional Court for a final ruling.. Constitutional lawyers are split on the issue. Some say that it would be a breach of the Constitution to allow for eign nationals to vote since the Consti tution lays down that "all power in the State is based on the will of the people". They interpret this as meaning the Ger man people. But other lawyers coniend that foreigners residing in west Germa ny are part of the people and thus not excluded by the Constitution. Opponents of the move to extend the voting right to foreign nationals fear that it would hamper their integration into German society and introduce the political antagonism of their countries of origin into the German town halls. They also predict that foreign radicals may cause unrest in Germany. A Greek would never take up the cause of Turkish residents since their countries are hostile to one another, a German politician said. The Federal Government would not dream of giving a vote to unnaturalised immigrants, holding that nobody should be authorised to vote unless he also shoulders the responsibilities in volved in citizenship. There are more than 200,000 foreign nationals living in Munich, and 75 per cent would be eligible to vote in local government elections if Munich were to follow Hamburg's example. Put this is unlikely as Munich cannot take such action unless the entire state of Bavar ia, whose capital it is, agrees. This would involve a change in the state's Constitution, and that could on ly come about by a decision of at least two thirds of the state Parliament and a referendum. The Federation of Trades Unions is backing the Hamburg move. Its chair-. man; Mr Ernst Breit, said it was not fair to expect foreign "fellow citizens" to work in West Germany for several de cades while excluding them from shar ing in decisions on matters affecting them. The Federal Government's Com missioner for Foreign Residents, Mrs Liselotte Funcke, did not speak for the Bonn "Government but expressed her own views when advocating a "double citizenship with certain limits" for for eign nationals. "We should no longer insist on them abandoning their old citizenship com pletely," she said. West Germany should offer them "German citizenship with all the rights and duties involved" and regard their old citizenship as "suspended". Foreign residents, including more than a million so-called "guest work ers", want to be accepted as fellow citi zens rather than being classified as members of the national work force. Their representatives point out that on ly if they are accepted by the city, town or village they live in could they devel op a feeling of belonging to the commu nity. They are certain that once they are given a1 vote at local government elec tions th$ political parties will.take more notice of their problemsi. At present some parties regard the foreigners mainly as scapegoats. : 11 Some influential politicians still cling to the notion of bygone decades that West Germany is not a country of immigration, and that foreign nationals are present only as temporary members of the workforce. But the fact is that even after their work contract expired hundreds of thousands preferred to stay, even if it meant unemployment, rather than return to their homelands. Even the promise of exit bonuses did not move them and their dependants. Many were forced to leave, but many others were allowed to stay. Thus more than four million out of 61 million residents of West Germany are unna turalised foreigners. Moreover, one group of foreigners, the Danish minority in the region of the northern German state of Slesvic-Hol stein bordering on Denmark, has al ways been eligible to vote, even in state elections, as well as enjoying the right to organise as a party, the Association ofSouth Slesvic Voters. The association has one member in the state Parliament, which meets in the city of Kiel, and is not affected by the Constitutional clause that a party must score at least five per cent of the total votes to be allotted seats in Parlia ment. 