tales Warm prose for a winter's chilowirNly Winter's Child by Dea Trier Morch. Reviewed by Wendy Varney. SERPENT'S TAIL is a new British publishing house . Its first catalogue offers an extraordinary variety of titles previously unavailable in Britain (or Australia) as well as new fictions. Translations from French, Portuguese, Spanish, Albanian, Dutch and Arabic spin tales of life in an Albanian city during WW II, life in New York for Cuban immigrants, a witch doctor and politician in Argentina, one women's search for sexual identity, and a sardonic parable of London. The following three reviews offer you first bite of the apple. PLUTO PRESS and AUSTRALASIAN PRESS are distributing SERPENT'S TAIL in A ustralia. SI S3 El There are. few novels or in-depth stories about childbirth. Indeed, the author of Winter's Child believes her book, published in Danish in 1976 and now available in English, breaks a taboo on the subject. This alone would make it welcome, but Winter's Child has much else to recommend it. Set in the prenatal and postnatal wards of a Copenhagen hospital, it chronicles the day-to day anxieties, pleasures, interactions and other experiences of the women there over the course of a month. All the women in the prenatal ward have difficult or complicated pregnancies and we share their intimate feelings, from fears for their unborn children to, in some cases, their utter delight at being able to rest and have meals brought to them. (Many women whose only 'holidays" have been in hospital will identify with this.) Dozens of separate stories unfold and the book deals sensitively with a number of decisions, fears and tragedies faced by women before and after birth, including stillbirth, postnatal death and handicapped children. There are natural births, caesarean sections, twins, affectionate partners, a tyrannical partner (the women in the prenatal ward call him Terrible Olfert) and just about every other event and personality one could expect to meet in maternity wards.- Blood, sweat and milk The descriptions of childbirth and its aftermath are vivid. The pages almost smell of sweat, blood and milk, they ring so true to the birth experience. The book highlights the positive links made in a cross-section of women often with little in common apart from their pending birth. It also builds a picture of the important role of women health workers in childbirth. Most of the midwives and other female staff provide great comfort and information to the -"Ttttttt — iiiiirnnmrT— in in i n patients, information is power, perhaps more so in relation to childbirth than any other area. Prospective parents could learn a lot from this book, though it should be used in conjunction with other books which seriously evaluate hospitalisation and medical intervention. There is not a great deal of criticism, implicit or explicit, about intervention in Winter's Child. The book is beautifully illustrated by the author — a fitting match for the warm prose. 