Stalemate after Danish poll COPENHAGEN, Wednesday (Reuter). - Denmark's general election produced a virtu al stalemate today but conservative Prime Minister Mr Poul Schlueter said he would fight to stay in power despite losing ground to the left-wing opposition. With all the votes in mainland Denmark counted, Mr Schlueter's four-party coalition held 70 seats in the 179-member Folketing (parliament) while three left-wing parties headed by the main opposition Social Demo crats had won 83 seats. "The Government lost, but the Opposition didn't win," said Mr Niels Helveg Petersen, leader of the centrist Radical Liberals. Mr Schlueter, who in 1982 became Den mark's first conservative Prime Minister this century, said he would try to stay in office by mustering the support of all non-socialist parties. "This result will mean we cannot have a Socialist government; we will presumably have a continuation of the four-party coali tion under much weaker conditions," he said. He said he would meet other political lead ers today and would then tell the nation what he intended to do. Bonds fell sharply on Copenhagen's capital market, where dealers traded late into last night. Foreign exchange dealers said the Dan ish crown was expected to open weaker today. Mr Schlueter's only hope of staying in pow er was to win the support of both the Radical Liberals, with 11 seats, and the extreme right wing Progress Party, with nine. He could also count on backing from at least two of the four representatives elected by the Faroe Islands and Greenland, giving a grand total of 92 seats - a majority of five. But political analysts said it would be very difficult to weld all these disparate groups together. The Radicals had earlier pledged not to support a government dependent on the Pro gress Party, which campaigned for curbing immigration and partially dismantling the welfare state. One outcome of the election was a marked , polarisation in Danish politics, with parties on both extremes of the political spectrum increasing support at the expense of the cen tre. On the left, the anti-NATO Socialist People's Party picked up six seats, bringing its total to 27. The Progress party added three ' seats to its 1984 total. The three-week campaign centred on Den mark's parlous state finances, highlighted by a $38 billion foreign debt - $A10,482.68 per head of the population. The Social Democrat leader, Mr Anker Joergensen, warned voters the economy was deteriorating sharply. Today, he indicated he had not given up hope of forming a govern ment and would also seek to woo the Radical Liberals. His party lost two seats but with 54, re mained the largest in parliament. AP picture Denmark's conservative Prime Minister Mr Pool Schlueter, vowing to return to power after poll stalemate. 