Naaman completes $3.5m. investment By MIRIAM SHENKAR Far The Jerusalem Post TEL AVIV. - The Naaman division of Koor Ceramics Ltd. has com pleted a $3.5 million investment programme, aimed at cutting pro duction costs, and is looking for as much as another $7m. in outside funds for further improvements, Managing Director Carmel Levy told a press conference recently, marking the company’s 50th anniversary. The three-year investment prog ramme brought in new equipment, automation and worker training courses to Naaman’s Emek Zequlon plant near Acre. The company is looking for an outside investor and/ or for government assistance to ex pand its production facilities furth er, Levy said. Government assist ance could take the form of changing the status of the plant's site from development Zone C to either B or A, which would automatically enti tle it to grants and and subsidized loans. Levy said 1986 sales reached $7.5m. and would grow to $10m. this year, although the company would not discuss profitability. Made-to order porcelain for hotels, such as the Hilton and Soncsta chains, account for 40 per cent of Naaman's sales, while local retail chains such as Danish Plus account for another 20 percent. Exports, which Ixrvy estimated would come to just $700,000 this, year, from $300,000 in 1986, are hindered by high production and financing costs. Athough Naaman is the only porcelain factory in Israel, local department store chains, such as the Shckcm, import most of their porcelain from the Far East, South America and Eastern Europe be cause of the more competitive prices of imports. At a recent houseware fair in Germany, 25 Israeli buyers werepresent. Levy complained.. I jcvy said the recently completed investment programme would help improve Naaman’s competitive posi tion. Established by Czechoslovakian immigrants and the I lashomer 1 lat zair Kibbutz Movement in 1937, Naanan first produced scorched red build.ng bricks which were used dur ing tfe “Wall and Tower” period of Jewish settlement. Following the establishment of the state, Naaman bcgai to produce porcelain house wares and other products that can only be manufactured in high temperature kilns. Koor Ltd. bought the concern in 1971. 1 