COPENHAGEN, Wednesday (Reuter). — Denmark's Conservative Prime Minis ter, Mr Poul Schlueter, said he would for mally resign today following yesterday's general election, but aimed to return at the head of a new coalition government. "I will consult my coalition partners. But nothing can prevent me from resign ing," he said. Mr Schlueter said his resignation was a "formality". His minority government failed to gain ground in the election, called over Den mark's future in the NATO military alli ance, but emerged strengthened as left-wing opposition parties lost six seats in Parliament. Mr Schlueter said he would try to build a more secure government than his outgo ing administration, which survived only eight months and had been virtually para lysed in Parliament "It is important that we avoid another crisis within a few months and that we create the basis for a Parliament that can work for a full four year term," he said. Mr Schlueter called the election after his Government was defeated in Parlia ment on a resolution to tighten a ban on nuclear-armed ships entering Danish ports. After the result was known, he said, "The voters' decision is clear. They sup port the parties who want to keep intact our NATO membership." Mr Schlueter's own Conservative Party lost three seats in the 179-seat Parliament The big winner in the election was the fringe, right-wing Progress Party, which campaigned on an anti-immigration, an ti-tax platform and increased its represen tation from nine to 16 seats. Negotiations to form a new coalition government are likely to drag on for some time, since Mr Schlueter needs the sup port both of the Progress Party and the centrist Radical Liberals to rule. The two parties hold opposite views on many issues. The parliamentary majority which passed the anti-nuclear resolution re mained intact after the election, but ana lysts said it was likely Mr Schlueter would now be able to make modifications that would be less offensive to NATO. The resolution requires Denmark to in form all visiting warships that it bans nuclear arms in its waters. The United States and Britain, who re fuse to say whether their ships carry nu clear weapons, said this was unacceptable and threatened to halt port visits and joint military exercises with Denmark. They said the measure threatened the solidarity of the Western militaiy alliance and was against their own policies, which forbid disclosure of which ships carry nu clear arms. Britain said the Danish action jeopar dised its plans to send troops in times of crisis to reinforce Denmark, which con trols the narrow access to the Baltic Sea. Final results showed 3,913,318 ballots were cast for an 85.8 per cent turnout. While Mr Schlueter claimed the results would ease Denmark's crisis with NATO, Social Democratic leader Mr Svend Au ken said they showed most voters backed the anti-nuclear resolution. Mr Auken said he would continue the battle in the legislature to implement the resolution. He was invited to sit down with the government parties to negotiate "a sensible solution" to the issue. 