Dead or alive, Seoul accommodates visitors SEOUL: If you arc killed at the Seoul Olympics by terrorism, traffic or food poi soning, the organisers will pay $A 17,453 in insurance compensation. All 13,000 athletes were given automatic insurance cover as South Korea's 700,000 troops and policc went on full alert in what the International Olympic Committee billed as the largest pcacctimc security oper ation to be mounted. They arc eager to discourage any possible threat from North Korea, which has boycot ted the Games, and avoid disruption by rioting student demonstrators. From the moment you land at Seoul's Kimpo Airport and facc photos of Japanese Red Army gunmen at the immigration desk, security is ever-present wherever you go. Getting into the athletes' village is about as easy as breaking into the US Fort Knox gold reserves. You have to go through three security gates manned by bowing, polite officials checking identity cards, searching bags and making body searches. Hotel guests have to pass through air port-style control gates. Staff outside check underneath cars with mirror reflectors. Only the most intrepid foreigner would gel behind the wheel of a car in Seoul where thrusting bus drivers carve up the traffic because they arc fined Tor being late back at the depot. Taxi drivers stop dead without warning to pick up fares. Motorists leap from their crashcd cars in pile-ups and come swiftly to blows. One woman taking her driving test drowned when her foot stuck on the acceler ator and she sped into the Han River. Six Danish students have provoked as tonishment among Seoul drivers by appear ing in the South Korean capital in a double-decker bus which they drove through 10 countries from Copenhagen to arrive in time for the Olympics. Tourist authorities arc expecting about 200,000 visitors to Seoul for the Games. Along with the athletes they may be tempted by the exotic, spicy cooking on offer at scores of restaurants dotted around this sprawling city of 12 million people. Some menu translations for the bewil dered foreigner may curb the appetite, not whet it. One offered fumbling broiled loin meat and cow small intestine casserole. The chef at the athletes village, which offers a carefully balanced menu of interna tional cuisine with caloric counts listed against each item, complained plaintively that no one wanted to try his kimchi, the Korean national dish of spiced cabbage. He ccrtainly has to eater for every size of athlete from the towering US lady taekwon dist who measures 2.02m and is nicknamed Ostrich down to the 1.50m tall Israeli wres tler who has difficulty reaching up to the soft drink vending machine. You can really get exactly what you ask for when ordering a hot dog in South Korea. But the authorities have forced hundreds of dogmeat restaurants and traders to close down in the runup to the Games. Boiled shredded dog is considered a health soup by many Koreans who claim it gives you energy and is a boost to pregnant women. — Reutor 