Little Germany in SA's hills By ALEC HEPBURN HIDDEN in a beautiful valley amid the forest-clad Adelaide Hills, just 30km from the South Australian capital, is one of Australia's most extraordinary country towns. A tiny, 149-year-old, picture-postcard German enclave, named oddly enough in honour of a Dane. A magical place where the wafting smell of freshly-baked strudel mingles with the scent of the gum trees. A village where, if it was not for the familiar Australian bushland all around, travellers would think they had fallen through a time-warp and arrived in 19th-century Germany. On every hand are the picturesque half-timbered houses, barns, shops and mills from a Germany now long gone. On the peaceful tree-lined streets German conversations can be over-heard in the cafes, waitresses in jaunty Tyrolean hats and tight bodices serve German teacake and Black Forest cake to diners warmed by open log fires. This is Hahndorf, founded back in 1839 by 199 German Lutherans fleeing from religious persecution in their homeland. The town's name means "Hahn's Village" and is so named in honour of Dirk Hahn, the Danish skipper of the ship that brought them to their new land and who helped them settle in. Those hardy pioneers took two months to walk from Adelaide to the site of their new settlement, dragging their belongings in little carts. Today, tourists cover the same distance in minutes along the freeway. The tiny band of Germans set to work building a unique village with farmhouses, flour mills, shops and inns ofdistinctive Germanic design. They even built "Hahndorf Academy" — a school to teach their children both English and German. Today, this gracious towered building survives as an art gallery and German folk museum. In its galleries are works by Hans Heysen, who lived in Hahndorf and found inspiration for his bushland paintings in the surrounding hills. The early German immigrants built well, their sturdy handiwork surviving the passage of time, though many of their buildings now have different uses from those for which they were originally designed. An example is the 1864 Old Mill in the heart of town. First it was used to mill grain, then to crush wattle bark and finally gold ore. Today it houses a fine restaurant as part of a motel complex. The colourful past is still very much alive along old-world Main Street. Here can be found historic gems such as Haebich's Cottage, built by Hahndorf's first blacksmith, the Old German Shop with its steep half-hipped roof and delicately paned upstairs casement windows, and the German Arms Hotel which still boasts hitching-rails out front and a horse-trough in a hollowed-out log. Many of the older buildings have been converted into curio shops, restaurants, gourmet food stores, cafes, souvenir shops, tea-rooms and German cake shops. Modern tourist attractions abound too, such as the Market Place with its European-style stalls and shops, and German Model Train Land where numerous model trains operate in German city and Alpine landscapes. Hahndorf is a place of restaurants too, where the visitor can enjoy a real Hofbrauhaus Banquet complete with German entertainment, or alternatively French cuisine or even Mongolian. However, the latter has German overtones, for patrons dine beneath what is claimed to be the biggest cuckoo clock in the world. 