Anglo-Saxon mimouna Danny Ben-Tal THE JACOB’S Ladder country and bluegrass festival has come of age. Last weekend the 13th annual festival, which is rapidly aquiring a reputation as the “Anglo-Saxon mimouna,” (a reference to the Moroccan Immigrants festival) was held at Hurshat Tal near :Kiryat Shmona, the country’s most attractive national park. Jacob’s Ladder has developed over the years into a family affair, as many of the festival’s stalwarts, once students and soldiers, now bring their offspring. The multitudes of youngsters, happily gabbling away in bilin gual Heblish seemed to enjoy the music as much as their parents. No longer a one- night affair, the festival has now been expanded over two days and nights. In the old days, when the festival was held at Kibbutz Mahanaim, it suffered from rowdy drunken English kibbutz volunteers, a sound system that insisted on failing, and cramped surroundings. Judging by the un precedented success of this year’s event, those days are long gone. Hurshat Tal, site of last year’s event also, is in many ways the perfect venue for an outdoor festival. Its luscious green lawns and towering oak trees under which many festival-goers bedded down for the night, hark one back to the “old country.” Those who are not as sturdy as they used to be stayed at the park’s inexpensive bungalows, while hot showers and washing facilities were available for all. The park’s snack bar wit nessed many an emotional meet ing between long- forgotten schoolfriends, or betweeen ma drich and hanich from movement days. When not singing or social izing, revellers could take an ex hilarating plunge in the freezing waters of the Dan which runs through the park. The music began late Thurs day afternoon, with the tradi tional hootenanny, or open stage, where amateur strummers and singers do their stuff. Every year it seems, the hootenanny uncovers some newly-arrived tal ent who look destined to make their mark on Israel’s suprisingly vibrant folk scene. For the first time in the festi val’s history, a foreign folk group, The Hjerter Tre (The Festival finale: Ted Cooper and Libby inree weans;, penormea. ay me time tne uanisn quartet took to the stage mid-evening spirits were high, and hundreds filled the area adjacent to the stage desig nated for dancing. 45 minutes of jigs and reels in the best Danish tradition followed, leaving the revellers to wring their shirts dry in the warm Galilee evening. The rest of the programme offered a veritable feast of music ranging from bawdy ballads to hypnotic harmo nies, from sweet lullabies to good-time rock ’n’ roll. For two evenings and long into the Galilee night, the audi ence was treated to high-quality renditions of traditional British and American folk songs, country ballads, tradi tional blues, jug-band jollities, and knee- slapping nonsense. Now in their 11th year as a performing (with a capital “P”) band, the Taverners rendered their usual blend of good-time ditties, succulent skiffle, trad-jazz and first rate musicianship. Those who haven’t seen them per form for a few years will be pleased to learn that the freshness in their ribald humour remains undiminished. Washboard wonder Paul Moore kept the audience in stitches with his banter between songs. The quartet from Kibbutz Mevo Hama known as Drunks Up Front presented traditional Irish and Scot tish folk songs, hilariously linked together by lead war bler Frank Dunnel’s “Jimmy from Glasgae” jokes. Menahem Fisch and his guitar treated the 2,000 or so present to some fine British folk, representing a cross section of geographical sources. Conspicuous by their absence this year was the Black Velvet Band, the four Israelis who play traditional Irish music so well that their album has become a collectors’ item in the Emerald Isle itself. ’ Jerusalemite Jill Rogoff, who has a voice as pure as Joan Baez’s, has been a Jacob’s Ladder regular for many years. Her set of beautiful ballads from all corners of the English-speaking world gave the festival a pleasant bal ance. Another well-known local lineup, White and Blue Grass, played exactly what the name would suggest. Eli Marcus offered the audience some fine blues. An excel lent set of rocking blues from Ted Cooper rounded off the first night’s entertainment. He was joined by the star of the Cinematheque, Libby, to close the programme in the wee hours of Saturday morning. Israel s favourite English teacher Suzy Miller, well-knowp from her daytime Educational TV stints presenting English-as she-is-sung, performed both evenings. A country girl at heart, she looks and sounds like a genuine C & W hearthrob.. Backed by banjo, fiddle, bass and guitar, she dished out bilingual rendi tions of country favourites. Not that English was the only language used. Many artists of fered token Hebrew songs, while Betty Klein gave a dynamic per formance of Spanish calypsos and Ladino songs. Gyrfalcon (the olde English for The Hunting Falcon), a re cently-formed group of classical ly-trained singers, produced what was no doubt the classiest act of the two days, singing tradi tional ballads in anything from ancient Icelandic to Welsh. Their beautiful unaccompanied har monies deservedly earned rapturous applause. As well as the expanded two-day format which gave everyone more time to both entertain and be enter tained, another innovation this year was the workshops held on Friday afternoon. Under one oak tree, a group could be seen exploring the wonders of the musical instrument known as the spoons, while guitar and banjo pickers passed on their secrets in other parts of the park. The workshops on children’s entertainment and tradi tional Danish dancing and square-dancing (the last one conducted by Cyrelle Foreman-Soffer) were great successes. ' Army Radio considered the event important enough to devote a two-hour radio programme to the ‘festival, introduced by one of the performers, Eli Marcus. Mena hem Vinograd, Jabob’s Ladder’s innovator and organiz er, seemed highly satisfied with this year’s success. Once upon a time, the local folk scene centred exclu sively in Jerusalem. Now, with a well-attended, bi weekly folk club in Tel Aviv, another to open soon at Kibbutz Tzora, and the Jacob’s Ladder festival to look foward to at the end of every summer, the music of the anglo saxim is becoming also mainstream. 