Needed: A sense of balance HIRSH GOODMAN IT SEEMS TO me that we have lost our sense of proportion of late, what with headlines saying we are returning to a “pre-1948” situation and pundits comparing the riots in the territories to “the surprise of the Yom Kippur War.” This is not 1948 or 1973. It is 1988 and the comparision is absurd. The Jewish underground that fought years ago with World War II relics has matured into one of the most sophisticated fighting forces on earth. Israel at 40 is at peace with Egypt, has de facto peace on its border with Jordan, and impressive control over the situation in Lebanon. Its major enemy, Syria, is isolated in the Arab world; Iraq and Iran are at war. Today Israel also has a strong alliance with the US based on mutual heeds, and even the Soviet Union’s policies toward the Jewish state have apparently improved. There is trade with countries around the world, including China; relative economic stability; a high national literacy rate and the highest per capita rate in the world of educated people in the labour force. There is a constant, enviable out-pouring of literature, art and theatre in this country. Immigrants have been absorbed from around the world, transit camps have been dismantled and high-tech industries have sprung up, social gaps have been narrowed and democracy has been retained despite difficult extenuating circumstances. True, the current situation dawned on us with suddenness. It even took the PLO and the inhabitants of the territories themselves by surprise. But to compare December 9, 1987, to October 6, 1973 is as fallacious as comparing 1948 to 1988. Unlike in 1973, Israel has not counted 2,838 dead and 8,800 wounded. It was not attacked simultaneously on two fronts and faced by a coalition of eight Arab armies. Missiles did not fall on Tiberias and not a single Israeli has spent a night in an air raid shelter. The riots have gone on for over 90 days and there have been no real shortages, no sky-trains bringing in emergency supplies for an army fighting on its last legs. There has been only a limited call-up of reserves — not the seven and eight months’ duty required of almost every able-bodied man in 1973. NONE OF this is said, however, to minimise the significance of the situation Israel now faces. The challenge is both moral and existential; the need for a negotiated solution, clearer than ever before. The Shultz proposals, if little else, have presented Israel with a clear national agenda. And while our political leadership may be flawed, at least our leaders hold clear positions and the Israeli electroate has a way of reaching decisions of consensus. We will have elections in November, if not earlier, and there will be only one issue before us: do we negotiate or not. And what about the other side? For, in the ultimate analysis, while Israel’s international image and relations with other nations may suffer as long as this period of unrest continues, the real suffering is going on on the other side of the Green Line. The fatalities have all been Palestinian, and it is Palestinian shops, businesses and hotels that have been closed by the riots. Most Israelis’ suffering has taken the form of anguish over the situation, of deep worry concerning the behavious and the excesses of some members of the armed forces, and concerning the hatred that has manifested itself in people we have lived with, for better or worse, for the past 20 years. But at least we are not living in an environment permeated bv fear and intimidation, where moderation is considered a capital offence. What is happening on the West Bank and in Gaza is undoubtedly cruicial to Israel’s future. But the threat is no less existential to the people of the territories themselves — probably even more so. The presence of Islamic fundamentalism that is manifesting itself in Gaza and, increasingly, on the West Bank is more of a threat to the Arab merchant and intellectual classes than to Israel. The spectre of being ruled day in and day out by the whim of a leaderless mob is more of a reality that has to be dealt with by the inhabitants of the territories than by Israel. Time is not on the side of the Palestinians. While the universities in Jerusalem, Haifa, Tel Aviv, Beersheba and Rehovot churn out graduates, the schools of the West Bank and Gaza are more closed than open. And while the European Common Market may not have ratified a trade treaty with Israel and a Danish firm has reportedly cancelled its orders for produce grown here, Israel still exports over $7.5 billion worth of goods — $2.2 billion to Europe. And while our army-aged youth may be confused by the situation in the territories, more of them than ever before are volunteering for combat units. Officers sign letters of protest, but still put on their uniforms to serve — questioning but without question. ‘Israel is very strong. It is stronger than the Israel attacked on Yom Kippur in 1973\. It is the master of its own destiny.’ WE SAY this not to justify the continued occupation, but in order to stress that compromise and finding a solution are not only Israel’s imperatives. If the Palestinians want to translate this current diplomatic inititiative into something meaningful, to give the rocks reason and the revolt direction, they have to be able to show those in Israel who want compromise that they have a partner on the other side. They cannot expect Israel to solve the imbroglio on its own, no matter how much international empathy and support they feel they now have. To simply go on chanting “Speak to the PLO” is no longer good enough. The Israelis won’t speak to the PLO, and there is constant proof that it is impossible to speak to the PLO. Israel is strong, very strong. It is stronger that the Israel attacked on Yom Kippur in 1973, and light-years away from its fledgling beginnings when force against it failed as well. It is also the master of its own destiny. It can, if desired, move out of Gaza any time it wishes; it can exercise a wide range of unilateral options without waiting for the Palestinians to come to the negotiating table. Sadat, we have noted before, did not come to Jerusalem because he was a Zionist. He came after concluding that he could not defeat Israel by military means. It is about time the Palestinians came to the same conclusion and compromise — while compromise is still possible. Hirsh Goodman is the defence correspon dent of the Jerusalem Post. US Secretary of State, George Shultz (left) with Israel Foreign Minister, Shimon Peres at a press conference in Jerusalem. 