FIFTY YEARS ON: Jewish refugee migrants recall voyage • Fellow travellers on the Oronsay fifty years ago still all friends today (from left) Esther Lenna, Inge Poppert, Helen Davis, (behind) Eli Kadner, Anne Leh mann, Gisela Kent and Joe Bos. FIFTY YEARS ago next month the Oronsay with its human cargo of Jewish refugees chugged through the Sydney Heads. It was 1938, Hitler had been in power for five years, yet the world had not yet realised the meaning of Nazism. Those who fled aboard the Oronsay and other ships like it had understood that they needed to leave Germany. However, they encountered fierce opposition in their newly adopted home. Thirteen months after the Oron say berthed in Woolloomooloo, war broke out and the German migrants were classified “enemy aliens”. from one suburb to another without reporting to the police. We were fingerprinted, forbidden to live near the sea — at Bondi, for example — and we dared not speak German.” Although the “enemy aliens” were eventually declassified, many lost touch with each other. Some, however, remained friends, people like Joe Bos, Helen (Gleisner) Davis, Professor Ron Penny, Inge Poppert, Anne (Zinner) Lehmann, Ursula (Zin ner) Moddel, Eli Kadner, Esther Lehmann and Gisela (Jankelo witz) Kent. Their friendship was cemented not just by their experience of the boats, but by the difficulties they encountered as new immigrants. Many have remained life-long friends. Esther Lehmann and Anne Lehmann became sisters-in-law. “Esther and I boarded the ship with Claude and Paul May,” Anne Lehmann recalled last week. “Paul settled in Australia, but Claude went on to become a popu lar singer in England, where he still lives.” Anne introduced Esther to her husband’s brother. “Esther’s story is different from ours. She was born here; her par ents were Danish and had taken her for a visit to Denmark. They returned to Australia on the Oronsay with us. “We were 15 and it wasn’t near ly as frightening as it was for our parents. We made the most of the voyage and had fun.” Eli Kadner recalled the night when Mrs Lehmann’s father “came screaming out his cabin”. “We had been told not to open the port-holes as there was rough weather ahead. He must have for gotten or not understood and awoke to find his cabin full of water. I’ll never forget his face. “He came screaming out of his cabin ‘water! water!’ So someone handed him a glass of water!” This week the 50th anniversary reunion of the Oronsay will be held at the Hakoah Club and many of those who sailed on the vessel will be there. I FIFTY years ago a number of Jewish refugees, mainly from Germany and Poland, left Lon don to board the Oronsay for a new future in Australia. I was one of them. The date was 27/8/1938. We were a confused lot, young middle aged and old, with no idea what our future would be. There was a German boat in the Suez Canal, so close that we could almost touch it. Somebody sang out “where are you going?” and the answer “heimat” brought tears to our eyes — most of us had left our families behind. Then somebody shouted in very clear German: “We have butter, eggs and meat and you idiots have nothing” and that made us feel a lot better. Many of the old passengers have died and we “young ones” are now in our middle to late 60s. We have more or less kept in touch and will have a get-together at Hakoah to celebrate half a cen tury in Australia. Though it is half a century ago, it feels so real as if it was yester day. I remember I got my first job in Sydney through the Jewish Welfare Society as a live-in housemaid with non-Jewish peo ple. The lady wanted me to teach her German in my “spare” time. I had to get up at 5.30 am to serve early morning tea and my duties weren’t finished until washing up after dinner at about 8.30 pm. I am afraid the lady didn’t learn much German. She also didn’t get a very capable housemaid, as I had absolutely no idea what to do. I recall the first time I had to do the washing. There was this enormous copper, a mountain of dirty washing and a large wooden stick with which to lift out the washing before putting it through the wringer. I did all that, but the washing wasn’t very clean and the lady asked me if I had used Lux; 1 hadn’t and the German world “lachs” pronounced just as the English “Lux” means “salmon”. I was wondering why the laundry would have been cleaner if 1 used salmon. I thought it would have made it greasy. I had one day a week off and every second Sunday afternoon. But the day off didn’t mean 1 could sleep in, as it only started after washing the breakfast dishes. No unemployment benefits or dole in those days. It was either sink or swim. In November, I heard that my father was in a concentration camp in Germany and an Aus tralian Entry Permit would allow him, my mother and my brother to leave Germany. The permit to come here was only issued if somebody would guarantee that my parents had a job to come to. My father was 48, my mother 44 and my brother 16 and it would have been as easy for them to get a job as it was for me, but somebody had to say so. I tried to guarantee them myself, but my meagre earnings weren’t considered sufficient to keep them if they stayed unem ployed. I could not find Jewish or Gentile to give me such a guaran tee, though everybody agreed it would have been only a matter of form and my parents and my bro ther died in concentration camps. To this day I cannot talk about it without getting tears in my eyes, and much worse — wondering, if I could have done more. J Gisela Kent 