Danes uncover ancient Eskimo settlement From CHRISTOPHER FOLLETT, in Copenhagen DANISH polar explorers are uncovering traces of an Es kimo culture which was thriving in icy Greenland almost 1500 years before the Vikings ar rived. The ruins of 450 crude round dwellings, unearthed this summer along the coast of an island off nor theast Greenland, have cast a little light on primitive Eskimo civilisa tion there. The site on the lie de France, a frozen 360-square-kilometre out crop lying closc to the permanent Arctic ice pack, is the biggest an cient settlement ever found in the vast Danish Arctic province. "We have never discovered any thing quite like it before," explorer and archaeologist Eigil Knuth said. "The site is simply bulging with artefacts." Knuth, an 85-year-old Dane, led the four-person trek to the island. It was his 29th expedition in Green land since he began exploring in 1932\. "A deep mystery still shrouds the settlements at the lie de France site, which are seemingly unlinked to other ancient encampments in Greenland," he said. The groups of low roundhouses resemble rings of tents, with stone flagged mid- passages and central fireplaces. Originally, they had igloo-type walls of block ice and roofs of ani mal hide. They form the greatest concentration on one spot of such dwellings in Greenland's entire Es kimo archaeological area, said Knuth, who plans to lead his fourth expedition there next summer. "Just why the ancient Eskimos should set up a strip of sites along the south coast of the icebound lie de France in the period 500 BC-400 AD remains a mystery," he said. "My theory is that the colonies were set up by invading Eskimos from both the north and the south of Greenland, or perhaps even from the American continent "These immigrants set up the coastal settlements with an econo my based on seal and whale-hunt ing." UNINHABITED lie de France lies 1400km due north of Ice land. The first Europeans arrived in 1905, a joint Belgian-French polar expedition whose leader, a great grandson of Louis Philippe, King of France from 1830-48, gave the is land its name. The site, impressive rings of scat tered stones and rubble on bleak, frozen coastal stretches, is accessible to archaeologists only during the short Greenland summer. The finds are providing new in formation on a long-lost 2500-year old Eskimo culture, traces of which were first unearthed in 1925 at Cape Dorset on Baffin Island, west of Greenland. The focal point of the round houses at the lie de France site was a central hearth surrounded by ad joining back rooms built on stone platforms to house different family generations. Soapstone lamps fuelled by whale blubber and using near-smokeless Arctic moss as wicks lit the crude hovels.- Hot stones, warmed in the central fireplace, were used for boil ing water and cooking in primitive vessels made of animal hide. Although life among the polar bears was dangerous in ancient Greenland, there is no archaeologi cal evidence that the Eskimos on the lie de France hunted with bows and arrows, as other local cultures did. Only harpoon heads, blades, flintstone, knives and lances have been found, and the absence of hu man skeletons seems to indicate the site may have been only a seasonal and not a permanent outpost. Archaeology in Greenland differs from in the classical world, where the deeper you excavate, the older the finds are, Knuth said. The island is covered with natu ral terraces formed by shifts in the ice, which today is more than 3.5km thick in places. The highest terraces are the oldest and can date back 7000 vears. \- Reuter | 