A head-start for disadvantaged children all over the world - developed in Israel Another kind of ‘Hippy’ Carl Schrag THEY ARE a group of four-year olds from disadvantaged families in Ashkelon, Arkansas, Soweto and Santiago. They have little in common aside from the fact that all are getting a head-start on life with an innova tive, home-based educational enrich ment programme which was devel oped in Israel. Last month, early childhood professionals and volunteers from around the world gathered in Jerusa lem for two weeks to learn more about this programme, known by its , initials as “Hippy.” They represented such diverse groups as the Native American community in Minnesota, the coloured community of South Af rica, Holland’s immigrant worker population and working class urban New York families. Anything that carries a name like Hippy must have its origins in the 1960s. Indeed, it was pioneered in the late 1960s; but it has nothing to do with the protest movements that rocked American campuses two de cades ago. Standing for Home Instruction Programme for Preschool Young sters, Hippy was developed by Pro fessor Avima Lombard at the He brew University in the Education School’s National Council of Jewish Women’s Research Institute. Early research and experimenta tion was carried out with the aim of giving Israeli children from distressed families a fair chance of success when they started first grade. Studies had shown that these children faced great er obstacles and were more likely to drop out than their better-heeled peers. (Joel Fishmann) Avima Lombard and women from Holland, South Africa and the U.S. at the conference. Israeli participants join Hippy for three years, beginning when the child is three years old. Mothers (occasion ally fathers) agree to spend 10-15 minutes reading to their children and engaging them in play and other ac tivities every day. This work is sup ported through home visits by Hippy staff members and regular meetings for mothers. FROM THOSE modest local origins, Hippy has gone round the world. From the first overseas venture, which began in Turkey in 1985, to the thousands of children in rural Arkan sas who have completed the two-year programme, Hippy has given a boost to youngsters who many conventional educators would say were doomed to failure. The Hippy International Work shops began in 1982, as Lombard and her colleagues decided the time had come to offer the programme to over seas communities. In its overseas form, Hippy is designed as a two-year programme, beginning at age four. Seven years earlier, in 1975, im pressed with the results of the univer sity’s pilot project, the Ministry of Education and Culture agreed to pro vide the funds to let Hippy go nation al. Today, some 10,000 families in nearly 100 communities around the country join the programme each year. Follow-up studies show that its “graduates” perform better in every grade and are less likely to drop out of school than those from a similar background who did not have the benefit of the programme. GENEVIEVE Koopman, a coloured teacher from Bosmont, South Africa has been working as a part-time Hip py home visitor. She came to the training workshop to prepare for tak ing on the job of coordinating Bos mont’s thriving programme. In South Africa, the programme is sponsored by the Union of Jewish Women. Not everyone who attended the Jerusalem workshop will neces sarily work in a Hippy programme. Ewa Chylinski, a university research fellow from Denmark, came as part of a multi-year study aimed at choos ing one enrichment programme for adoption in her country. Chylinski has identified two needy populations in her country: children of immigrant and refugee families, and the children of poor, problematic Danish families. Another participant was Patricia Garvey, a Native American, who works with the Indian Health Board of Minneapolis, which provides services to approximately 7,500 Native Ameri cans who have traded life on the reser vation for new opportunities in the big city, which they refer to as the Black top Reservation. This overwhelmingly poor community suffers from serious social problems, and seems an ideal candidate for the Hippy programme. The Indians of Minneapolis suffer from many of the same problems as other needy people in the area. Sixty per cent of the teenagers do not com iplete high school, and 56 per cent of the girls become unwed mothers. But Garvey expressed concern that Hippy might not be completely adaptable to Indian ways. “There is a spirit in every child,” she said, explaining In dian beliefs; “a belief that every child comes from the Creator perfect. “We’ve had too many people try ing to tell us for too long how we should be living,”, she declared. But Prof. Lombard believed that the cultural obstacles could be over come and showed Garvey how Hippy might translate effectively into a pro gramme suited to these special needs. Outside Israel, the U.S. has the largest number of children involved in Hippy. According to Miriam Westheimer, the director of Hippy USA, some 4,000 families, mostly from Arkansas, will be involved next fall. 