From European pathos to South American chaos From TIM PEARCE, in Copenhagen DANISH film director Bille August has turned from portraying poor immigrants in Denmark m his Oscar-winning Pelle the Conqueror, to the chaos and upheaval of the 1973 coup in Chile. After his powerful portrayal of Swedish immigrants in Denmark in the 1890s, August is tackling The House of the Spirits, the best-selling novel by Isabel Allende. The book tells the story of a family living through the turbulent times when Marxist Salvador Allende was elected president in Chile. The author's father was a cousin of Salvador Allende, who died in the coup which brought Augusto Pinochet to pow er. "It's a wonderful family drama," Au gust said in an interview. "It's a story about a political situation, but more about the contrasts in the country, be tween man and woman, rich and poor, who's in charge and who's not. "That part of South America is a land of contrasts, very violent but also very rich and beautiful." August wrote the screenplay for "House of the Spirits" himself. He has made several trips to Argentina, where shooting will start in the autumn, to look for locations and build sets. Why move from familiar ground to this exotic foreign setting? "I'd like to make Danish films again," says August, 40, who studied cinematography at the Danish Film School before spending sev eral years working in Sweden. "But you have to find where you are in your own universe. Where is the chal lenge for me? It's not to do a Pelle II, it's to do this House of the Spirits. "It's something I've wanted to do for many years." Bespectacled and soft-spoken, August talks with a quiet intensity of his ap proach to his work. He has been involved in the screenplay of almost all his films, a tradition in Scandinavian cinema, and considers this crucial. "I can see the whole story from begin ning to end, I know why characters do this at this precise moment, and this helps when discussing it with the actors," he says. August believes a film has to be emo tional and entertaining rather than intel lectual. "I become an expert on a subject. I try to transform that into emotional events an audience can participate in. ' "If the audiencc can feci what's going' on on'the screen is a secret, persona!*; experience, then the magic starts." 1 In March Pelle won an Oscar for best'I foreign film, Denmark's second in' as « many years. Babette's Feast won the ' same award last year for director Gabriel • Axel. r Pelle also won the Golden Palm at'the - Cannes film festival last year. The film's success has won more back- s ing for Denmark's national film school; a training ground that August rates among , the world's best. — Reutdr 