TANIA THE TEMP" ... the continuing saga Four days until the big lift off to Hawaii and now Tania has a friend to go withll She met another P.C.A. Temp at the travel agents and they are going together. The excitement buildslll Well with all these temps jetsetting off poor Vicki is '°ne|y — if you would like to join her TEMP TEAM call 571010. #11943 / 250 I 571010 professional careers aust w N DEPARTMENT OF IMMIGRATION, LOCAL GOVERNMENT AND ETHNIC AFFAIRS CASUAL TRANSLATORS The Department of Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic Affairs is seeking casual translators for its Canberra panel in the following languages: Slovene* French Macedonian Romanian Serbian Russian Croatian Lao Polish Fijian* Czech Samoan* Hungarian Tibetan* Swedish Timorese* Danish* Tongan* Japanese The Department requires all its translators to have a minimum level of language pro ficiency at NAATI Level III, which is the profes sional standard. Other suitable candidates will be considered, however, for those languages marked with an asterisk, indicating that a NAATI Level III test has not been held as yet for that particular language. It should be noted that demand for translations in some of the languages listed is relatively low. Applicants who are not permanent residents must have permission to work in Australia. Successful applicants will have the oppor tunity of having their names added to the Department's panel of expert translators and be allocated work on a contract basis. For further information and application forms, please contact Mr Rafael Pintos Lopez on (062) 64 2718 or Translation Services, Department of Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic Affairs, PO Box 25, Belconnen ACT 2616. Commonwealth Department of Veterans' Affairs THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS' AFFAIRS IS AN EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER COMPUTER SYSTEMS OFFICER -i r- -" 'r Information Services : < 0,:.ri i! (P.N. 2944) ' The Department of Veterans' Affairs is seeking appli cations- for a position' of Computer Systems Officer Grade 3 in the Information Services Section of its Corporate Development Branch in Canberra. The Department is a large scale user of computer technology. It currently uses Amdahl mainframes and an extensive terminal network to process the pensions and entitlements of veterans and their dependants. The Department is seeking to establish an End User Support team to support non-computing staff in accessing computer-based information. The team will provide training and support in the use of TSO, SAS and EZ/IQ, develop and maintain extracts of data for use and Identify and resolve data definition problems. The CS03 will lead a team of CSOs and contractors. For further information about the position contact Sid Schuck on (062) 89 6275. Selection documentation can be obtained by telephoning Lynn Ardem on (062) 89 6172. Applications addressing the Selection Criteria and nominating 2 referees should be forwarded, by close of business 16 March 1990 to: The Personnel Officer 5 Department of Veterans' Affairs £ PO Box 21 J. WODEN ACT 2606 2 THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS' AFFAIRS PROMOTES A SMOKE FREE ENVIRONMENT POLICY SPECIALISTS We seek applications from creative and deter mined persons with an aptitude for critical analysis who hold tertiary qualifications in any discipline — not necessarily in law. We offer challenging positions for those wishing to develop Australia's law enforcement policy. ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE OFFICER Class 7, $39,715-$41,094 Law Enforcement Co-ordination Branch (SEVERAL POSITIONS) We are looking for self motivated persons to: • Formulate and evaluate policy advice on complex law enforcement issues of interest to the Common wealth. • Undertake and supervise the preparation of associ ated submissions, correspondence, background research and parliamentary briefing material. • Liaise with other Commonwealth and State agencies as necessary and assist in representing the Depart ment on interdepartmental committees. Applicants should have well-developed communica tions skills and an aptitude for complex policy work. For further information contact Mr A. Schneider on (062)71 9941. Duty statement and selection criteria may be obtained by telephoning (062) 71 9864. Selection for this vacancy will be on the basis of the selection criteria. It is in the interests of candidates to obtain the selection criteria and frame their applica tions accordingly. Conditions of service include four weeks annual leave plus leave bonus, cumulative sick leave, three months long service leave after ten years service and a comprehensive superannuation scheme. To be eligible for appointment, applicants must be Australian citizens. However, applicants who have permanent resident status may be appointed on probation pend ing the granting of Australian citizenship. Applications showing full particulars of qualifications and experience, together with a contact telephone number and address, should be forwarded to: The Recruitment Officer Attorney-General's Department Robert Gerran Offices BARTON ACT 2600 By 22 March 1990. The Attornay-Qanaral'a Dapartmant it an < aqual opportunity amployar and provldat a ! tmoka-traa working anvlronmant In oft/cat and auoclltad workplacat. J ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT J ...•MM* M1RINJANI NURSING HOME Requires a caring compassionate person with a special interest in caring for the aged. REGISTERED NURSE LEVEL 2 NIGHT DUTY Initial enquiries to tho Director of Nursing, Monday 9-5pm, ph 884300. R N Flair requires a full-time Sales Assistant for their Manuka Homewares Boutique. The hours will include Friday evenings and Saturday morn ings until 1pm with rostered week-day mornings off. Some experience with furniture and particularly kitchen ac cessories would be helpful. The successful applicant should have a good design-sense and a real interest in the art of cooking and food presentation. For an interview appoint ment please ring 973938 on Saturday between 9am and 12pmor Tuesday on391169. R Nfe Are you available to commence duties immediately or within one week7 Are you aged between 30 and 45 years? Are you experienced in the preparation of financial statements and computerised accounts? Are you seeking a career and industry position in the Southside, Queanbe yan area? Are you seeking a salary of approx $28,000. If this interests you please call Jim Ritchie or Valerie Dellit to discuss this position on 571010. SETTLEMENTS CLERK This established Legal Firm has a requirement for an exp CONVEYANCING secretary to look after all settlements, searches, etc. Start April/May. Please phono Valorie Dellit on 571010. SALES POSITION Excel $$ Potential We are in search of a young, motivated person to join the sales team of an international office equipment supplier. Exp in Govt Sales would be very advantageous. Excell career potentiall Please call Gina Ritchie on 571010. PROFESSIONAL CAREERS AUST PAXUS PEOPLE We place people first. PAXUS PEOPLE — CANBERRA Contracting opportunities ranging from 3-12 months PROGRAMMER IMS —Cobol : ANALYST PROGRAMMER I ' Adabas Natural 2.1 and 1.2. j ANALYST PROGRAMMER | Cobol, Fortran and CDC ANALYST DESIGNERS . Experience of modern systems analysis and Design Tech nique. COMMUNICATIONS Experience of LAN Design Call Alicia James-Egan or Maryse Scott for your next contract or permanent career move. Address: GPO Box 1800, CANBERRA ACT 2601 Telephone: 062-433351 Fax: 062-470985 DEPARTMENT OF COMMUNITY SERVICES AND HEALTH Housing Policy Analysts $30,000-$41,000 Several Positions CANBERRA The Housing Services Division of the Department of Community Services and Health advises the Common wealth Government on housing policy issues and manages the Commonwealth's housing programs. The Division administers the Commonwealth/State Housing Agreement which provides the framework for delivering over $1 billion per year of Commonwealth funds to the States, both as general assistance for public rental housing, and as specific purpose assistance for pensioner and aboriginal housing, mortgage and rent relief programs, capital funding for crisis accommoda tion, and assistance for home ownership. It also administers the Supported Accommodation Assistance Program, targeted at homeless people, the First Home Owners Scheme and the Emergency Relief program. The Housing Services Division provides a wide variety of work opportunities, including research and analysis of economic, demographic and other factors affecting housing, consultation with industry and consumer organisations, negotiations with State Governments, formulation of new policy initiatives, evaluation of existing programs, servicing Ministerial advisory committees, financial management of major programs and direct delivery of program services to individuals and community organisations. The Division is looking for people with a background in policy formulation and administration and a keen interest in being able to contribute to the future development of Australian housing policy. Applicants will desirably have tertiary qualifications preferably in Economics or the Social Sciences; statistical analysis skills will be an advantage in some positions. There are currently vacancies at the following levels: Administrative Service Officer Class 7 (AS07) $39,715-$41,094 POSITION No. HSER7 Administrative Service Officer Class 6 (AS06) $33,545-$38.144 POSITION No. HSER6 Administrative Service Officer Class 5 (AS05) $30,840-$32,644 POSITION No. HSER5 Conditions of cervice are those applicable to all permanent officers of the Australian Public Service. To be eligible for appointment, applicants must be Aus tralian citizens. Non- Australian citizens may be appoint ed on probation pending the granting of citizenship. Intending applicants are asked to contact Ms Christa Relcheneder on (062) 89 5393 for a package of infor mation about the positions. Any further information can be gained from the contact officers listed in the package. Written applications stating full details of qualifications and expereince, together with the names and addresses of two referees should be forwarded to: The Secretary Department of Community Services and Health GPO Box 9848 o CANBERRA ACT 2601 | Hearing or speech impaired candidates may obtain £ duty statements via the Department's TTY number £ (062)89 5945. ^ Applications close on 23 March 1990. a n« Dtpmttmuni •/ Community Sen>fc«a mmd Health to •» «f mml mpportmmlty tmploytr. POSITIONS VACANT S7I SF4 TRAVEL Requires a self motivated and well travelled consul tant for our busy and expanding Canberra operation. QF 1 and 2 and HAS required. We are seeking an industry professional to join our team. STA Travel offers good remuneration and a unique working environment. Applications in writing to: STATE MANAGER STA TRAVEL P.O. BOX 4 ANU CANBERRA ACT 2601 REAL ESTATE SALESPERSON L.J. Hooker Belconrien is one of Australias loading Sales Offices and has been at the top of the tree for over 7 years. Our busy sales team is one short and we desperately need an onergotic person to fill the vacancy. Applicants should display a desire to earn an executive income ($60-$80,000pa), an ability to work long irregular hours, have a competitive nature and be able to communi cate with people from all walks of life. The successful person will need to supply their own late model car, home phone, have a high level of personal presentation and be over the age of 25 years. Real Estate Sales can be a very rewarding career as you are essentially running your own mini business within our framework and your level of success depends upon your input and application to the job at hand. Experience is not necessary as full in house and industry based training is provided, however previous selling experi ence is preferred. The successful applicant will enjoy Canberra's best level of enquiry from Australia's leading real estate agency. Applicants to Proprietor Matthew Herbert on 511477 BH. L.J.HOOKER -—-{^— 0°qoN#° BEtCONNEN MALI R4. A£CJ7 lit «#»-•'MWW M»l iilltl WW'S * CALVARY HOSPITAL ACT INCORPORATED Occupational Therapist Class 2 TEMPORARY PART-TIME (10-15 HPW) We have a vacancy for a temporary part-time Senior Occu pational Therapist (approximately 12 months) to work as part of a multi-disciplinary team in our acute medical/surgic al wards. Hours are negotiable and salary will be based on an annual range of $32536 to $3S845 depending on experi ence and qualifications. For further details contact Mrs Kim Nelson-Tyers 062 529194\. Written applications including the names and ad dresses of two referees should bo forwarded by 5 March 1990. The Personnel & Industrial Manager Calvary Hospital ACT Incorporated PO Box 254 JAMISON ACT 2614 AB1 — 32585 MECHANICALS ELECTRICAL ENGINEERS/DRAFTSMAN Dynamic Consulting Office is seeking experienced Mechanical and Boctrical Engineers and Draftsman to join our company. This is a great opportunity to join an expanding firm with future managerial prospects. Salary negotiable, related to experience. Apply in writing to LJ. Nawlcki & Associates P/L, P.O.Box 122, Lyneham ACT 2602 or phone 571156. CHILD CARE ACT Institute of TAFE, Woden Campus Child Care Centre, requires an energetic and caring qualified Child Care worker, in a temporary capacity from April 23 to mid December. Qualifications: Associate Diploma or equivalent. Duties: Plan and conduct a caring program for toddlers. Conditions: Full-time, above award. Written applications, including details of 3 referees, by March 16, to Director, Woden Campus Child Care Centre, P.O. pox 826, Canberra City, ACT, 2601. Further details Ph 813121. PERSONNEL CONSULTANTS CAREER OPPORTUNITY If you're dynamic and energetic with a flair for sales, then an international consultancy has a challenging position for you. As a first step you learn about the business abthe reception desk where you gain experience with client con tact and also perform duties such as timesheet processing, banking, postage, typing and filing. As your confidence develops you progress to interviewing applicants, job matching and rate negotiation You do not need previous consulting experience, only the right attitude and potential. We're offering a good salary package and a bonus scheme. For more details call Mat thew on 862177. Australian Institute of Sport (A Division of the Australian Sports Commission) HOUSE PARENT The Institute invites expressions of interest from single people or couples (one partner working outside the Institute) to provide the service de tailed below. The successful applicant will be living and working at the Institute's Halls of Residence in Canberra. House Parents are responsible for the well being ol athletes under the age of 18 years. They are expected to establish a home-like environment where young athletes can find some ol the security, support, understanding and guidance they would normally experience at home. House Parents are engaged as consultants under contract to the Institute of Sport and are expected to maintain a constant presence in the Halls of Residence on days and nights when they are on duty. There are no specific formal qualifications re quired, but relevant academic training or practical experience working with young people is de sirable, particularly an understanding of the special needs of high performance athletes. Remuneration: The fee for the contract is negotiable depending upon qualifications and experience. Accommodation in a one bedroom flat is provided, plus meals. The accommodation is not suitable for people with dependants. Further details about the consultancy can be ob tained by ringing Stephen Fox on (062) 52 1380. Expressions of interest should be forwarded by 17 March 1990 to: The Manager § Personnel & Services 2 Australian Sports Commission l PO Box 176 2 BELCONNEN ACT2616 \V THE AUSTRALIAN SPORTS COMMISSION IS AN J J \\\ EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER // ^COMMUNICATIONS* The Air Force offers more than 100 career options. Currently limited vacancics exist for men and women wishing to join the RAAF to be trained as Communications Operators, Successful applicants will be trained in the operation of the Air Force element of the Defence Communications Network. Air Operations Communications System and Air Transportable Communications. Applicants must be between 17-34, have successfully completed Year 10 with a pass in English and be prepared ' to serve for 6 years at any RAAF Base. Relocation is at RAAF expense. The Royal Australian Air Force offers an excellent comprehensive employment package including accommo dation. superannuation, medical care, training and a starting salary of $25,707 per annum after training ($986.00 per fortnight). For further details contact Bart Meehan or one of our other careers advisors on (062) 57 2311 or 008 114004. AIRFORCE - WAY TO CO/ Authorised by Dept. of Dcfcnce © QUEANBEYAN HOSPITAL AMD ■ * AREA HEALTH SERVICE (We are an Equal Opportunity Employer) Registered Nurses FULL TIME (two positions) Enrolled Nurses FULL TIME (two positions) 38 hours per week — am and pm shifts. Rotating roster in all Ward areas. Essential Criteria Current NSW Registration Accident and Emergency experience (RN's only) Enquiries and Applications Application Forms are available from, and should be directed to: Margaret Clark A/g Director of Nursing PO Box 729 QUEANBEYAN NSW Phone: 989211 by no later than Friday 9 March 1990. Chandler RECRUITMENT SERVICES 47 3244 ATTENTION TEMPS Let us help youl Manage your career effectively 2 Join THE Temporary Teaml 3 STENOS WP OPERATORS — All Systems Kim Millwood and Jane Ordish await your call on Monday #5350 / 250 Incorporating SYSTEM S+AFFING Leaders in Recruitment in Canberra since 1974 a st ec AUSTRALIAN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY COUNCIL ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE OFFICER Class 2 (expected vacancy) DUTIES: Provide executive assistance to the Assistant Se cretary, Studies Branch and support for the operations of the ASTEC Secretariat, including: assistance with the pre paration of reports and correspondence, maintenance of mailing lists, photocopying, filing and arrangements for publication, operation of word processor to prepare or edit reports and correspondence, coordination of word process ing workflow, obtaining information needed for studies and briefings, liaison with the secretariat and with other govern ment departments and agencies. CONTACT OFFICER: Ms Susanna Poarce 715655 Selection documentation: Ms L.OIIiffe 715655. Applications close 16 March 1990. ASTEC is an equal opportunity employer. TO QUEANBEYAN HOSPITAL AMD M AREA HEALTH SERVICE An Equal Opportunities Employer COMMUNITY NURSE PART-TIME A vacancy exists for a permanent part-time community nurse to service the Bungendore area, approximately 14 hours per week. Duties centre on domiciliary visits, but may in clude school screenings, immunization and early childhood clinics. Qualifications: Essential: N.S.W. General Regis tered Nurse; current drivers licence. Desirable: Dip. App. Science in Community Health, Midwifery/Early Childhood Certificate. Enquiries: Contact Brian Callahan on 989233. Applications on the appropriate form should be directed to the undersigned by 14th March, 1990. W. A. Dargaville Chief Executive Officer P.O. Box 729 QUEANBEYAN N.S.W. 2620. <7664 / 250 ^■■■■STOREMANi The Air Force offers more than I00 career options. Currently limited vacancies exist for men and women wishing to join the RAAF to be trained as Suppliers. Successful applicants will be trained in the recording, control and issuing of RAAF equipment, stores and material. The loading and unloading of RAAF aircraft; receipt and despatch of stores and RAAF Warehousing duties. Applicants must be between 17-34, have successfully completed Year 10 with a pass in English and be prepared to serve for 3 years at any RAAF Base. Relocation is at RAAF expense. The Royal Australian Air Force offers an excellent comprehensive employment package including accommo dation, superannuation, medical care, training and a starting salary of $I9,SI8 per annum after training ($750.00 per fortnight). For further details contact Bart Meehan or one of our other careers advisors on (062) 57 2311 or 008 114004. AIRFORCE - WAV TO OOl Authorised by Dept. of Defence © I TbII Baillieu I g ^ Knight Frank | SECRETARY We are a Commercial Real Estate Agency in the heart of Canberra, and our Property Management Department are seeking an energetic efficient per son with a full range of secretarial skills (including word processing and spreadsheets). Some experience in Ericsson telephone system is desirable, as this position will encompass switch board relief. The successful applicant must have a pleasant manner, the ability to deal with clients, and meet deadlines. Salary: $17,000 to $24,000 Enquiries: Jenny Cole W/H 487411 Canberra (062)487411 71 NORTHBOURNE AVE ——N University of Canberra SECRETARIAT/PRINTING SERVICES Administrative Service Officer CLASS I REFERENCE No: 90/2052 The University's Printing Services has a vacancy for a person to assist with the receipt of supplies, the delivery of finished work and other duties in the Print Room. Applicants will be expected to have an ACT Year 10 Certificate or equivalent and to have had some experience of working in a service oriented environment. Telephone enquiries to Mr C. Samuel on 52 2375. Closing date 16 March 1990. Salary: Administrative Service Officer Class I SI0.97I-S2I.II8 per annum. GENERAL INFORMATION Duty Statement and Selection Criteria are available by telephoning Recruitment Section on 52 2607. Applicants should give personal particulars, details of qualifications and experience present position, previous appointments, tele phone number during business hours and the names and addresses of three referees. Applications quoting the reference number should be addressed to the Assistant Principal- Administration, University of Canberra, PO Box I, Belconnen ACT 2616. ™ The University it £ AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 5 77ic University of Canberra is o member of the Unified National System and is < sponsored by Monash University InHOSPITAUTY iff)# TRAINING JBlO GROUP NIGHT COURSES CANBERRA (5 NIGHTS intensive) starts: February 26 FOOD AND wine waiting (To Silver Service Standard) COCKTAIL mixing AND BAR service (Traditional and Non Alcohol Cocktails) COMBINED (Food, Wine, Cocktails, Bar) These CERTIFICATE COURSES will teach you with practical experience the skills required for employment in HOTELS, MOTELS, RESTAURANTS. pwne: (008) 028902 or pick up a brochure and enrolment from the venue: TELOPEAPARK -FUNCTION CENTRE. PRIME PEOPLE RESUMES * • professional produced SI •bound copies * • laser printed g Resume Show that you mean business with a professional resume ★ Letters of Application *• The privacy of your home or our office ★ An immaculate presentation INTERVIEWS made easy GOVETT& ASSOCIATES Phone 82 1590 accountant/ FINANCE OFFICER r Working with a growth company A national business involved in the Finance Industry that Is growing and headquartered in Canberra requires a confident, experienced and energetic individual. Working with a fully integrated computerised Accounting system and needing a good working knowledge of LOTUS 123 this person will report directly to the Financial Controller. Accounting qualifications preferred* but not>essentiai."Remuneration, . commensurate with qualifications and experience. Written applications may be sent in confidence to the address below. Telephone inquiries may be directed to Barry Mewett on (062)49 1877. . Touche Ross & Co. GPO Box 799 CANBERRA ACT 2601 ^Touche Ross Working Willi Wimui Executive Assistant ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE OFFICER CLASS 3 . Taxpayer Service Group Taxpayer Assistance Branch $24,957-$26,967 (No. 2437) The Australian Taxation Office is looking for a person with lots of energy, commitment and an eye for detail to perform the duties of a personal assistant to a Senior Executive Service Officer. The position involves the provision of high level executive support, assisting with Branch administrative duties and arranging travel and conferences. Secretarial duties and drafting of less complex correspondence also form part of the duties. ff you have experience and skills in these areas and enjoy working in a busy environment, we would like to hear from you. If you would like more details on the position, please contact Penny Famsworth on (062) 75 2219. HOW TO APPLY Selection will be on the basis of selection criteria. It is in your interest to obtain a copy of the duty statement and selection criteria (telephone (062) 75 2303,24 hour answering machine) and to relate your skills and experience against the criteria. Applications should be in writing and forwarded by 22 March 1990 to: The Recruitment Officer Australian Taxation Office GPO Box 900 CIVIC SQUARE ACT 2600 Teletypewriter (TTY) is available for hearing and speech impaired applicants on (062) 75 2179 (business hours only). The Australian Taxation Oftica is an EQUW. OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER who has imptemented a policy of SMOKE FREE OFFICES AND ASSOCIATED WORKPLACES. Australian Taxation Office a mer/tep&lia; 