■ NEWS BACKGROUND Intifada: the view from Israel’s heartland A documentary, made by an American production company last year, canvasses the opinions of ordinary Israelis about the intifada. VIC ALHADEFF reports. ALON BEN-GURION, business man and grandson of first Israeli prime minister David Ben Gurion: “I’d like to keep it all, but you don’t.run a state on emo tions. We must start talking to the PLO.” Benny Begin, Knesset member and son of former prime minister Menachem Begin: “Our hope is that the Arabs will come to an understanding that we are a cons tant factor in the Middle East. We cannot give back land.” A sabra, who has lived in Jerusalem for 28 years: “This is what terrorism is all about; trying to convince us there is no way to compromise.” These were some of the senti ments expressed in The Intifada through Israeli Eyes — an hour long documentary screened by the Israeli Consulate for community leaders last week. About 200 people attended the showing at the Hakoah Club. Guests including Environment Minister Tim Moore and Correc tive Services Minister Michael Yabsley. The divergent points of view conveyed in the film are, as Israeli Consul- General Zvi Gabay noted, “the Israeli way of solving problems — through discussion and debate, not through the bar rel of a gun”. The American production was filmed last year and is not an offi cial Israeli government version of the intifada. It canvasses the opinions of average Israelis — citizens, public figures, military commanders and young men whose daily task it is to search Palestinian houses for stone-throwers, to patrol the dusty streets of Nablus and Gaza with hatred and resentment lurk ing at every corner and .to cope Benny Begin with mobs hurling rocks and molotov cocktails — often with young children in the front line. The viewer is left with three overwhelming impressions: Israelis desperately want peace, they are deeply divided as to how to pursue it — and they do not have a great deal of optimism that it can be achieved in the fore seeable future. Well-known Israeli journalist Hirsh Goodman: “Now is the time to deal (with the PLO). The PLO doesn’t have an option. But I want a guarantee that there will be no more war.” The sabra: “There is a fear that a wrong decision could be fatal for us.” Justice Minister Dan Meridor: “It’s a life-or-death situation for us. It’s our existence that is at stake.” Israeli in the street after a ter rorist sent Bus 405 crashing over a hill outside Jerusalem, killing 16 people: “How can we live like this? This is not terrorism in the Hirsh Goodman West Bank, this is right here in the middle of the country.” American immigrant living in the West Bank: “We awoke one morning to find a severed cat’s head on the porch with a PLO flag in its mouth. There is a sense of madness that we can’t control. They’ve found a way to drag us into a situation we don’t know how to deal with.” As Mr Gabay pointed out in his opening remarks, however, had the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) adopted the same “efficient” methods as the Chinese, Syrians, Iraqis, Jordanians or Egyptians — who put down an uprising the same week that the intifada began in December 1987 by killing 25 demonstrators — “it would, in all likelihood, have been the end of the whole affair”. “There would not have been years of turmoil, extensive televi sion coverage, countless agonis ing editorials in the world media and endless denunciation of Israel in world forums. “But Israel is a democracy and unable to act in that manner. The intifada has been allowed to drag on because of the almost incredi ble restraint by the IDF and its concern for the lives of the Arab population. “Our problem is not that we are at war; our problem is that no war, no disturbances anywhere in the world, enjoy the media cover age Israel gets on any given day. “A child throwing stones in Ramallah is assured of greater worldwide coverage than any mass killing taking place in any of the 36 wars currently being waged in the world today.” A Danish newspaper, Yould Posten, observed recently: “One probably needs a long educa tional record to understand why only victims of Jewish bullets bring everyone to their feet, while Arab bullets seem to have a much more calming effect,” Mr Gabay quoted. “Watching the recent UN Security Council meeting con vened by the PLO to discuss the murder of seven Palestinians by a crazed individual, whose terrible act has been condemned by Israel’s government and people, no one recalls the convening of a UN body as a result of the murder of Israeli tourists on their way to Cairo or the killing of 16 Israelis on a bus to Jerusalem,” the newspaper commented. „ “Surely the behaviour of the international community is ques tionable; it creates a double morality and differentiates (Continued on page 32) INTIFADA (Continued from page 12) between the blood of an Arab and a Jew. It fuels antisemitism, encourages extremism and pre vents a settlement to the Middle East conflict being reached.” The film interviewed a group of high school students, all of whom said they were ready to give back all or part of the West Bank in exchange for peace. It spoke to Deputy Foreign Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who explained the strategic danger which would be posed to 80 per cent of Israel’s population if the country were to be reduced to a width of eight miles if the West Bank were to be returned. It canvassed the view of a sabra who pointed out that neither the West Bank nor Gaza ever were a Palestinian state, belonging to Jordan and Egypt respectively before the 1967 Six-Day War, when Israel captured them. And it mentioned the fact that 900,000 Arabs and 80,000 Jews live in the West Bank today and that a total of 250 bombs were found in Israel last year. The film also outlined the mod ern history of the area, the high light of that segment being Mor dechai Gur — who commanded the Israeli forces which liberated Jerusalem in 1967 and was the man to declare to the world: “Jerusalem is in our hands. I repeat: Jerusalem is in our hands” — saying with classic understatement: “To put it mildly, I won’t have such a moment again in my life.” 