Melbourne University’s history department is offering a new course on the Holocaust, Jointly taught by Mark Baker and Dr John Foster, the course has attracted over one hundred students. MARK BAKER raises some of the questions he faces in dealing with the subject g[ USCHWITZ,” V W says Elie Weisel, “cannot be ex afflriii^plained because the Holocaust transcends history.” The very idea of teaching the Holocaust as a history subject thus raises serious questions. Even an historian like Nora Levin, who has written a large volume on the Holocaust, expresses doubts about her own enterprise: “The Holocaust,” she writes, “refuses to go the way of most history, not only be cause of the magnitude of the destruction, but because the events surrounding it are in a very real sense incomprehensible... indeed, comprehensibility may never be possible.” This proposition strikes a serious blow to the prospective teacher of the Holo caust. History is about comprehension. It sets out to offer explanations and to trace the casual links between “event A” and “event B.” Although historians never seem to agree about the causes of past events, for example, the French Revolu tion or the Medieval Crusades, they never question the possibility of offering expla nations, however tentative they may be. But the Holocaust is clearly different. Take the following passage from Elie Weisel’s Night: “Not far from us, flames were leap ing up from a ditch, gigantic flames. A lorry drew up at the pit and deliv ered its load — little children. Babies! Yes, I saw it with my own eyes . . . those children in the flame.” How do we begin to understand this re ality, which is as unimaginable today as it was for the pre-Holocaust world? Any historical approach must ultimately reach a point of paralysis when faced with the unique horror of Auschwitz. Even the words we use, “genocide,” “Holocaust,” “Shoah,” seem to diminish the suffering experienced by so many millions. Perhaps, in the end, all we have to offer the victims are our prayers and testimonials. And especially our silence. Yet can we afford to be silent, and to deny the Holocaust its historians? Yehu dah Bauer of Jerusalem’s Hebrew Univer sity has warned against seeing the Holocaust as an incomprehensible event. We learn nothing about the Holocaust, he argues, if we view it as the work of devils who existed outside the normal framework of history. The unique horror of the Hol ocaust lies precisely in the fact that it took place in history, not on a fictitious pla net. If we mystify the Holocaust, he con cludes, then we lose the capacity to resist future repetitions. Auschwitz might defy total explanation, but we must muster all our resources to explain its inhumanity within the context of human history. It is one thing saying the Holocaust needs to be located in history, but at pre cisely what point in time did the Holo cause emerge? Is the Holocaust something that can be traced back to 2,000 years of anti-semitism, or does it have roots which are peculiar to the twentieth century? The word anti-semitism itself was only coined by Wilhelm Marr in 1878. What is the re lationship between this new, racially de fined form of anti-semitism and the traditional theology of contempt for Jews? Does the Holocaust have its roots in the short-lived electoral successes of German anti-semitic parties in the 1880s and 90s? One book on the subject of anti semitism in nineteenth century Germany is significantly called, Rehearsal for Destruction. An alternative study on the issue is provocatively entitled, The Down fall of the Anti-semitic Political Parties in Imperial Germany. Even when we arrive at the twentieth century there are numerous approaches to the question of Nazi policy. Once again book titles can be most revealing. Lucy Dawidowicz’s well known book first pub lished in 1975 is called The War Against the Jews. It argues that the elimination of European Jews had been brewing in Hitler’s mind as early as the 1920s, and was single-mindedly pursued at the ex pense of all other considerations. Hitler, "We are not the last" by Zoran Music (Paris 1970). From Art of the Holocaust by Janet Blatter and Sybil Milton. in other words, went to war to implement the Final Solution. Other historians (known as the “structuralists”) argue that the Final Solution did not arise out of a single, relentlessly pursued decision but evolved “bit by bit” in response to nu merous factors: the context of war, power struggles within the Nazi bureaucracy, and the failure of immigration alternatives. This approach is summed up in the title ^Auschwitz might defy total explanation, but we must muster all our resources to explain its inhumanity within the context of human history.^ of an important historical book called The Twisted Road to Auschwitz. Both historical groups are capable of mustering evidence on their behalf. Pro ponents of either camp argue their case with extraordinary zeal, suggesting that more is at stake than just history. Indeed, these questions have led to ongoing con troversy within West Germany, erupting in a parliamentary debate and what has come to be known as the Historikerstreit, the historical controversy. Although the structuralist approach allows for an apologetic tendency, it should not be con fused with revisionist views which attempt to whitewash Hitler or deny the existence of gas chambers. The likes of D6vid Irv ing and Arthur Butz have absolutely no place in any serious historical discussion. The structuralist approach is not a theory of denial. On the contrary, it diffuses the direct guilt for genocide across a wider sec tion of the ruling and industrial elite. But how far does the guilt spread? This is the subject of another debate. Is there a distinction between the Nazi state and the German population? How anti-semitic was the average German? Did Germans vote for Hitler because of his anti-semitic platform or despite it? Did German citi zens support the Final Solution, and how much did they know? The question of “knowing” opens an other area of discussion. Who knew what and when? In 1943, Shmuel Zygelboim, a Jewish representative of the Polish government-in-exile, suicided in protest at world indifference to the fate of Jews. What in fact, did the world know, and how did their attitudes toward Jews influ ence their responses? How was it possible for a whole world to stand by without halting the destruction process? Why were the death-camps built in Poland? Why did the Danish population mount a rescue campaign for their fellow Jewish citizens while other countries in Western Europe remained silent? Was Roosevelt’s restric tive immigration policy due to anti semitism or other factors? Why did the Allies fly over Auschwitz without bomb ing the gas chambers? The questions are endless. For histor ians, however, they do not stop at the be haviour of the perpetrators and bystanders. As early as 1943, Bruno Bet telheim, an inmate of Dachau and Bu chenwald, asked some disturbing questions about Jewish behaviour in the camps. Elie Weisel has argued strongly against judging the victims because “only those who were there know what it was.” Yet, the victims themselves often made ap peals — through diaries and other com munications — for later generations to record their suffering. Historians have in deed attempted to do this, but all too often by adopting a cruel and condemnatory stance written from the luxury of post war freedom. Hannah Arendt was one of the first to turn the behaviour of Jew's during the Holocaust into an open controversy. Bas ing herself on Raul Hilberg’s*research on the Holocaust, she concluded that the war time Jewish leadership (the Judenrat) had betrayed its constituency and unwittingly become an instrument of destruction. An archy, she concludes, would have served the Jews better then an organised ghetto system which assisted the Nazis in round ing up Jews for deportation. Arendt unfortunately set the agenda for historians by asking the wrong questions and utilising the wrong sources. Any dis cussion of the Judenrat must address her charge, but it is more important to move beyond these moralising questions into broader historical issues. Historians to day, especially those from Israel, rely more heavily on Jewish language docu ments to elucidate the subjective percep tions of European Jews: How did the Judenrat differ from ghetto to ghetto? Were the Judenrat members drawn from the pre-war leadership? How did the com position of the Jewish community coun cils change over time? Did their activities alleviate the suffering of the needy? What alternative sources of leadership existed? What light do recently published archives shed on the differing approaches of lead ers like Czerniakow, Rumkowski, and Gens? What information about Nazi ac tivities was available to them? What was their attitude to armed resistance? Historical treatments of Jewish resis tance have also changed in the last decade. The immediate post-war generation of his torians was at great pains to highlight every incident of armed resistance to coun ter accusations of Jews going “like sheep to the slaughter.” Today, historians are asking different kinds of questions: What were the possibilities for armed resistance? How did the structure and location of a particular camp or ghetto affect the pos sibility of armed revolt? What was the im pact of local non-Jewish attitudes on Jewish partisan groups? What were the implications for the wider ghetto popula tion of open resistance? Did Jews ever be lieve they could survive a revolt? In light of these factors, historians have tended to broaden the definition of resistance to in clude any activity which did not conform to Nazi intentions. Thus, cultural activity, suicide, religious life, and armed revolt can all be interpreted as acts of Kiddush Has hem. These kinds of questions ultimately lead one to issues of wider concern. Was the Holocaust unique, or does history offer other parallels? What was the impact of the Holocaust on survivors, on Jews, and on Christians? What are the implications of the Holocaust for our understanding of modern culture and western civilisation? What is the relationship between the Holocaust and Israel? There are no single or simple answers to these questions. Paradoxically, Yehu dah Bauer confesses, “the more I know the less I know.” But historians like Bauer continue their quest to “explain” the Holocaust, in the hope that it will yield more knowledge about the past, present and future. 