I Bill Board [?] The Alien Years is a six-hour mini-series about a German immi grant and the Australian woman he marries, set in the earlv 1900 's I and during WWI. Following the rise of anti-German feeling with the outbreak of war, the couple move from Sydney to the Barossa Valley, where they find things al most as bad. The program has a credible cast and should be good. ( Thurs Nov 29, 8.30pm) Bingo , Bridesmaids and Braces is a documentary in three parts about three working class Adelai de women when they were aged 14, 18 and 26. Made by Jillian Armstrong, the film looks at their aspirations and attitudes when young? compared with how their lives turn out. (TuesDec 4, 9.30p l) Cold Fusion tells the story of the two American scientists who last year claimed they'd harnessed the I answer to the world's energy problems - cold fusion. They were not only wrong but they bypassed the traditional publication process (through a scientific journal) and went straight to the mass media, creating a furore among the con servative scientific community. (Thurs Dec 6, 9.30pm) The Atom Men is a two-part Ita lian drama series about a group of young scientists in 1930's Rome, who discover nuclear fission. Ap parently based on an authentic sto ry by one of the scientists, Nobel prize- winning Enrico Fermi, I've never heard of a group of Italians being the first to split the atom. But I don't know everything. (SunDec2 &MonDec; 3, 8.30pm) Voice of the Amazon is about Chico Mendes, assassinated in 1988 because of his role in the movement to protect Brazil's rain forests. A rubber tapper, Mendes organised among rubber workers and Indians to oppose the un necessary destruction of forests, putting forward an alternative plan of extractive reserves. After six attempts, his opponents finally killed him, but his death only ser ved to strengthen the movement. (Tues Dec 4, 8.30pm) The Green Dustbin is a Danish documentary contrasting normal waste disposal, where everything is thrown away, with the advan tages of recycling. Very timely, given Europe's poor environmen tal state. (Wed Dec 5, 7pm) The State Of Europe looks at di vided attitudes among European countries to nuclear energy, and the likely situation when 'United Europe' becomes a reality in 1992\. While some countries have lost billions of dollars on aban doned plants and infrastructure, 70% of France's energy is nucle ar-based and they'll be able to ex port it at 40% cheaper than other countries can produce it. I hope they've heard about Chernobyl. (Thurs Dec 6, 7.30pm) How Not To Run A Bank - The Tricontinental Debacle is this week's Background Briefing pro gram, about the State Bank of Victoria's disastrous merchant banking venture. As the Royal Commission into Trico's lending practices begins, is it the bankers who lent the money or the deregulators who created the scenario who are to blame? ( Radio National, Sun Dec 2, 9.10am, rept TuesDec 4, 7.15pm) -Michael Evans ® Voice of the Amazon, a documentary on Chico Mendes, a green martyr. (SBS- TV,Tues Dec 4, 8.30pm) 