PROFILE OF A MULTICULTURAL CITY BY Y.Y. The acute shortage of labour after W.W.II. triggered Australia's recruitment drive for immigrants. As the preferred 'British immigrants' were not available in the numbers required, their numbers were supplemented by non-British migrants. The new non-British migrant was required to assimilate quickly into Australian society, which as Anne Curthoys points out, meant redirecting one's behaviour and actions so as to become British, "...in language, political beliefs and practises and in cultural habits such as loniily patterns, religion, dress and so on..." This policy was promoted despite the fact that fewer than half the immigrants were from the United Kingdom. Towns like Fairfield in Sydney's far west have developed as major centres for migrant settlement. Fairfield-city, located 28 kilometres south-west of Sydney in what has been described as the 'great urban sprawl', comprises twenty-one suburbs. Like many other towns, its population has increased and changed significantly since the fifties due to the influx of refugees and migrants. The population of Fairfield now represents a staggering ninety-six nationalities, the largest ofwhich are ofVietnamese, South American, Italian and Yugoslav descent; some of whom represent the most disadvantaged in our society - with many from war torn or invaded countries. The new settlers also suffer from poverty, over- crowded housing, lack of work skills and include the highest number of non- English speaking residents.. A little less than half the population (46%) was born overseas, of which a large majority (40.8%) was born In non-English- speaking countries. Hie highest number of unemployed of all local government areas In Australia come from this region (as of 1987). The area also has one of t£e highest numbers of people in receipt of other social security benefits with the fourth highest incidence of working mothers with children under 5 in N.S.W. Immigrants are also disproportionally represented in the occupations with the worse conditions, pay and social status. Lack of Initiatives relating to the teaching of English was one of the major oversights of the assimilation programme coupled with the lack of committment of both Commonwealth and State governments to provide approplate translation and interpreter services in areas relating to health, social security and civil law. Fairfield and Cabramatta migrants were having to wait up to a year before being enrolled in English classes. In all likelihood this figure will have increased with further cutbacks since 1988, a problem for the Vietnamese especially, due to their 'considered' cultural and linguistic disparity. There is a far greater demand for English classes than can be met and T.AF.E. English courses have limited vacancies leaving many to learn as they go. However it is only in areas like Fair- field/Cabramatta that the Vietnamese can get advice, assistance and information from their own countrymen or advance themselves politically. Economic and social upheavals have seen mass exodus from Indo-China and other regions, many faced starvation, dying of thirst, drowning and torture. Many refugees and migrants are severely traumatized on arrival. According to a report commissioned by the State government, an estimated two thousand refugees who have been tortured now live in Sydney. The majority ol these refugees come from Indo-China and In some of the worst cases they have been Immersed In tanks of urine, electrocuted, drugged and chained up and bashed, due in all probability to failed escape bids. A torture and trauma clinic has been set up at Fairfield to counsel not only Indo-Chinese, but Latin Americans, Tamils, Sri Lankans, Iranians, Iraqis and Afghanis. It is of notable concern that scant medical or media attention has been directed at the effects for migrants of uprooting themselves from one country to another. Reports from the Ethnic Affairs Commission and the University of New South Wales state that mental health is a key issue across the spectrum of migrant groups. The problems stem from the stress of adjustment to a new culture," said Ms Diane Wiesner, the author of a study into the health needs of migrants. The coordinator of policy and projects at the Ethnic Affairs Commission, Mr Tony Dolk, said that each ethnic group faced its own specific set of problems in that "Different disorders occur In different groups at different rates. People often think it is a general problem related to the stresses of migration when, in fact. It Is much more complex. There are cultural and economic variables operating in the country of resettlement and in the culture which they have left, which must be understood if we are to treat them effectively.'' Dolk further observes that surveys on mental Illness among ethnic groups were 0;Jy the tip of the iceberg", as most findings were based on admission rates at psychiatric Institutions and there is strong evidence that ethnic minorities under-utilise psychiatric services. This may be partly due to the aforementioned language barriers, as Mr Hep Nguyen, counsellor at the Torture and Trauma Clinic explained, "...they don't seek assistance until the problem becomes very serious and even if they go to a doctor's office, they can't explain their problem and they don't know how to ask for a referral." Deficiencies in interpretation and psychiatric services were reported from 1975\. Melbourne, the third largest Greek city in the world, had only two Greek psychiatrists. Sydney, with half a million people of Italian birth or extraction, had no full-time Italian-speaking psychiatrists. Mr Maan Abdullah, Community CONT'D ON PAGE 36 —~—~—— FEATURE CONT'D from page 9 A MULTICULTURAL CITY Development Officer for the Lebanese Council, considers mental illness a serious problem within the Lebanese community, compounded by the legacy of civil war in their home country and a lack of counsellors. At the time of writing, 1988, there was still no Lebanese psychiatrist practising in the community, despite a submission to the state government. Migrants may also come from cultures where psychiatric illness is not generally sanctioned by the rest of the community, so symptoms may be suppressed. They may also come from poor, rural backgrounds, unable to express themselves well in their own language. As a result, says Mr Francesco Lupitzo, a bilingual psychologist with the Italian community. They tend to somatise their mental problems" (that is, they manifest psychological symptoms as physical symptoms). Mr Lupitzo also feels that mental illness must be understood in terms of the family unit as much as the individual and that the breakdown of the family unit under the pressures of a new culture is particularly stressful for women. Marriages could experience strain be cause of a change in the woman's status. Whereas the male might be the dominant partner in the old culture and women often have little economic power, the woman is often the first to get a job on migration and the balance of the sexes gets distorted. Other complaints, apart from the obvious language difficulties already mentioned, recurring health problems, wage exploitation and inadequate childcare are foremost alongside frustrations in dealing with government, legal and insurance officers, sexual harrassment, union disinterest and intimidation. The National Migrant and Refugee Women's Speak- Out Report (1982) pointed out Australia's strong dependency on the contribution of migrant and refugee women in its workforce. Various requests emerged from the report in the form of recommendations to governments, unions, churches and to the media. Government services and information should be made more accessible to migrants and refugees through the particular use of'ethnic media', especially SBS, to broadcast issues of importance. Unfortunately, multiculturalism has involved the presentation of picturesque cultures at minimum cost. It has not always involved the broadcasting of relevant issues by and for ethnic peoples with a view to contributing to the elimination of racial and ethnic stereotypes. However, we have come a long way since this SBS jingle: I'm as Dutch as any Gouda as Danish as any "blue" as Italian as spaghetti as Greek as a moussaka etc;... We must learn and live together etc;.... But I'm an Aussie an Aussie - yes I am. y-y- 