| te tokrra tons Serious threat to the 'new' Europe THE UNIFICATION of Europe was never going to follow a smooth and stately progress to success. It would be absurd to expect that any combination that included such traditional enemies as France, Britain, Germany and Italy would accommodate .itself easily into a single economic unit. They have, after all, have spent most of their histories at war with one another. Even in the last 40 years they have remained so bound to attitudes of national security that they have been unable to discard notions of self-sufficiency in food, thus "producing the tragedy of the Common Agricultural Policy. Add to that the natural reluctance of politicians the world over to surrender the. levers of power to another forum, and the forces opposing the transformation of Europe are substantial indeed. Then there are the more technical considerations: economic adjustments must be made to take account of the relative strength of each country's currency - and by implication the broader economic health the currency reflects. Laws must be fashioned to accommodate circumstances that differ between states - for example, migration from outside by refugees coming overland, in the case of Germany, and the relative isolation of the British island state on the other. All of these elements are enough to present enormous difficulties, even in the best of times; and for the most part since the original signatories to the Treaty of Rome made their mark in the early 1950s the times have been exceptional. Enormous progress toward unification has been made. Now, however, there has been a conjunction of events which - at least in the short term - has thrown the future of unification into serious doubt. These include the collapse of the former USSR; the reunification of Germany; British and Italian intransigence in the currency markets; the sudden rise of right- wing nationalism and, not incidentally, the continuing "hot" war in the former Yugoslavia. ADDITION ALLY, 4 there is a clear indication that among some of the smaller member states \- notably Denmark - there is a groundswell of distrust of the propriety of taking the next step in the unification process - the ratification of the Maastricht Treaty. In fact, the present crisis has been sparked quite directly by the rejection of Maastricht by Danish voters in a referendum earlier this year. Maastricht was designed to produce European economic, coordination and a single European Monetary Union (EMU) but one of the key elements of the treaty was its validation only if all signatories were in favour. Once Denmark voted against ratification there were no procedures available to reinstate the treaty. The best solution European leaders could manage was the scheduling for December of a summit designed to put such pressure on the Danes that they would reverse their decision. For this strategy to succeed it was necessary for all other members - and particularly the major powers - to approve the treaty by substantial margins. Despite early concerns, Ireland fell into line, principally because it would be assured of a very large subvention by the central body. The critical next step then centred on France, which is due to vote on Sunday. Until the last few days it seemed that a 'yes' vote might well succeed, but again, a combination of events - the cutting of German interest rates, the tardy devaluation of the lire and the panicky moves in London, leading eventually to the pound's suspension from the European system - have put this very much in doubt. Even the announcement that the French President, Francois Mitterrand - one of the architects of Maastricht - is suffering a malignant cancer of the prostate, has been thrown into the equation, although commentators seem divided on just what effect this will have on the French voter. However, in the wake of the currency turmoil only an overwhelming 'yes' vote would save Maastricht and it seems virtually certain that this will not happen. THIS could well have the effect of unleashing the worst effects of those larger factors that have conspired against unification. A Germany beset by unrestrained immigration and the enormously difficult task of incorporating its economically vandalised eastern sector into the mainstream will, in the final analysis, act to protect its own economic integrity. This could produce nationalist reactions among many of its former partners and once the sense that "the devil take the hindmost" is abroad in the land, years of patient negotiation for long-term peace and security could be wiped out. If that were to happen, Western Europe would be heading toward the trend evident elsewhere on the continent for the development of small, antagonistic, ultranationalist states; and the dangers of this are nowhere more evident than in the. former states of Yugoslavia. Indeed, without a strong and united Economic Community the war would be extended by Serbia into Muslim-dominated Kosovo, Macedonia and other nearby regions, with terrible consequences. In such circumstances it is highly unlikely that even the semblance of orderly trade practices by the European states would be maintained and Australia would be disadvantaged once again. However, such portents of doom are no more than speculation at this stage. The EC has been in place for long enough to demonstrate its real \- and potential - benefits to all its members. It has also produced leaders far-sighted enough to appreciate that the greater good intrinsic in unification was never going to be achieved without at least one major crisis. Europeans have been engaged in the delicate art of diplomacy for long enough to appreciate that there are occasions when the time is simply not propitious for further advance toward an objective, that the wisest course is to retain the gains achieved already while waiting for a better opportunity to advance. It is to be hoped that in this present contretemps these cooler heads will find themselves in the majority. 