Away goal leaves Leeds a Cup casualty LONDON: Leeds crushcd VfB Stuttgart 4-1 in an electrifying Europe- an Cup match on Wednesday night but the English champion still went out of the competition after conceding a cru- cial away goal and having one dis- allowed. Leeds, 3-0 down on the first leg, was one casualty from a full night of first round. second-leg matchcs in the three European club competitions. European champion Barcelona sur- vived an equally tense lie against Nor- wegian minnow Viking Stavanger to scrape into the second round 1-0 on aggregate after being held 0-0. AC Milan, European champion in 1989 and 1990, cruised through 7-0 on aggregate with a 3-0 win against Olym- pija Ljubljana in Slovenia. Leeds came agonisingly close to be- ing the first English club to overturn a three-goal first-leg deficit in the Euro- pean Cup when it levelled at 4-4 (over- all) in the 80th minute. But Andreas Buck's 33rd-minute goal helped the German side to go through on the away-goals rule. Marseille dismissed Northern Ire- land's Glentoran 3-0 to win 8-0 on aggregate; Dutch champions PSV Eindhoven coasted to a 2-0 victory at Lithuania's Zhalgiris Vilnius for an 8-0 aggregate win; and Glasgow Rangers went to Lyngby in Denmark and made sure of a second-round place with a goal from Ian Durrani five minutes from time. □ TWENTY-EIGHT Swedish fans ar- rested before and after a European Cup Winners' Cup tie between Danish side Aarhus and Sweden's A1K were put on a ferry back home, police said. Passers-by had been attacked, cars damaged and windows broken. Swed- ish right-wing extremists, members of AIK's notorious Black Army supporter club, had also provoked and attacked immigrant youths, police said. — Reuter Confusing start in NYL for ACT Academy Last-minute negotiations by coach Walter Valeri have ended with the ACT Academy of Sport's first season in the National Yonth League begin- ning in confusion. For some weeks now, ACTSF offi- cials have been aware that there would be an embarrassing overlap between their own and the NYL season — putting impossible demands on the youngsters selected for the youth squad. Initial requests were for the acade- my to be drawn against the Australian Institute of Sport in its two opening rounds — matches which could be conveniently postponed and played at a later date. However, when the fixture list final ly arrived at Sports House — just eight days before the season was due to begin — officials were shocked to see their wishes had been ignored, with the academy meeting Sydney CSC Colts on Saturday night, and Parramatta Eagles the following week. "It was an embarrassment — half the squad are still playing for their teams in the ACT Premier League and we would have difficulty in raising a side," Valeri said. Valeri solved the problem by con- tacting his opposite number in Sydney and securing agreement to have the match postponed; Parramatta was even more amenable to a change, as the weekend clashes with a club social function. Even so, it will still be difficult to rearrange these games at a later date. 