EC in colossal gamble after Danish vote Dick Leonard in Luxembourg reports on the risks that lie ahead. LUXEMBOURG'S Foreign Minister, Jacques Poos, is not normally one of the most influential voices in Europe an Community councils. Yet it was his advice which was followed when the 12 foreign ministers met in Oslo to pick up the pieces after the Danish referendum fiasco. "Carry on as if nothing has hap- pened," he said. "It was just an accident by the roadside." This is indeed the strategy which the other 11 governments decided to adopt, egged on by the EC Commission President, Jacques Delors, and with the complicity of Poul Schlu- ter's Danish Government. It is a colossal gamble, depend- ing on nothing going wrong with the ratification timetable of the other member-states. For if any of them were to stumble, the Maas- tricht treaty would be as politically dead as it has juridically been claimed to be since the Danish vote. The greatest risk may well come in the French referendum, proba- bly in October, which could be con- verted into a vote of no-confidence in President Mitterrand, rather than yesterday's Irish poll. Yet in a fast-moving process, unpredictable snags could easily emerge in any one of the other EC countries. The calculation made at Oslo is that if the show does stay on the road, and all 11 do ratify by De- cember, the Danes will have second thoughts. Already, Schluter has been speculating on Danish televi- sion on the possibility of a second referendum. This could pose a question along the lines: "Our 11 EC partners have reaffirmed that they will proceed with European Union. Do you really want Den- mark to stay out?" Failing this, the present inten- tion of the foreign ministers, with the Commission's legal service al- ready beavering away at the details, is that the other 11 members should renounce the Rome Treaty and sign a new agreement setting up a European Union. The sub- stance of this agreement would be the Rome Treaty as amended by Maastricht. The Danes would then find themselves in the anomalous posi- tion of being left as the only mem- ber of the European Community. They would still be in the European Economic Area, but their situation in relation to their former partners would otherwise be distinctly worse than that of their neighbours in Sweden, Finland and probably Norway, who would be negotiating to enter the association which they had just left. This prospect would bring the Danes right up against it. It could lead Schluter, who heads a minori- ty right-centre coalition of Conser- vatives and Liberals, to seek to broaden his political base by bring- ing in the opposition Social Demo- crats, still easily the largest Danish party. It was the defection of many Social Democratic voters which tipped the balance in the referen- dum. If Schluter, or his successor, is unable to reverse the verdict of June 2, it seems inevitable that he will try to negotiate a special posi- || Special position for Denmark possible || tion for Denmark. For the present, renegotiation of Maastricht has been ruled out, and the Danish For- eign Minister, Uffe Ellemann-Jen- sen, accepted this at Oslo. Yet by December he may have no other option. Purely cosmetic changes to the treaty might cause little difficulty, but any substantial amendment could open what a British official at Oslo described as a "Pandora's Box", as every mem- ber-state hastens to revive claims it had agreed to shelve at Maastricht. Nevertheless, the two opt-outs which John Major secured for Brit- ain at Maastricht — on social legis- lation and on the third stage of European Monetary Union — could provide a possible precedent for the Danes. It so happens that several of the commitments they have found most difficult to swal- low — on common foreign and defence policies, immigration con- trol and security matters — have been excluded (largely at British insistence) from the normal EC de- cision-making process. It might be easier for the Danes to be allowed to opt out of these inter- governmental concerns rath- er than from policies which clearly come under the EC umbrella. Even this would not be readily accepted — particularly by the French and German governments. Yet this is looking at least six months into the future. More im- mediately, the EC is determined to ignore, in so far as this is possible, the Danish decision. No special summit conference is being con- vened, and it is doubtful if the issue will even be on the agenda of the next normal summit, at Lisbon on June 26-27. There will, however, be a fuller discussion than previously intend- ed on the prospects for EC enlarge- ment, with a consensus growing that this process is likely to be slowed down, with a diminishing prospect that Austria, Sweden and other European Free Trade Associ- ation candidates will be able to hit their target date for admission on January 1, 1995. Certainly, after a mere 24,000 Danish voters had threatened to derail the EC train, there will be a great deal of heart- searching over whether such small applicant states as Cyprus and Mal- ta should ever be put in a position where they could veto develop ments backed by an overwhelming majority of the other members. At Lisbon, Jacques Delors will be reappointed Commission Pre- sident for a further two years. To- gether with the British Foreign Secretary, Douglas Hurd, who will conduct the six-monthly presiden- cy of the Council of Ministers from July 1, he will watch over the ratifi- cation process during the second half of the year. Certainly, if any other member state refuses to ratify, an immediate emergency summit would have to be convened with the choice of ei- ther ditching the entire Maastricht treaty or initiating the comprehen- sive renegotiation which the mem- ber states want so much to avoid. The irony is that whatever hap- pens it will be up to the Danes to preside over the consequences. They take over the EC presidency on January 1 next year. 