People's cry pulls bicycle of integration to a halt Andrew Marshall checks the shape of European Union after the Danish vote. THERE IS a legend in Denmark that when the country is threat- ened, the great statue at Elsinore of Holger Danske, the Viking hero, will awake. Last Tuesday, the day of the country's referendum on the Maastricht treaty, one newspaper cartoon showed Poul Schluter, the Prime Minister, standing by the brooding stone figure, which remained immobile. "I take that as a yes," the cartoon PM said nervous- ly. He was wrong. Sometime that day, Holger Danske stirred, and Europe is still shaking. The Danish veto left the Maastricht treaty in limbo, with utter confusion prevailing among the high and mighty of the European Community. In crisis, foreign ministers gathered at Oslo to discuss options, to put on a brave face and to buy time. They would proceed with European Union, they said; the door would be left open for Denmark; but there could be no renegotiation of the treaty. It is a compromise between widely divergent interests, between govern- ments that have changed since Decem- ber and heads of state who have seen their popular support crumble. Like most historical compromises, Maas- tricht is just that: an event located in the past that it may not be possible to repro- duce. There had been crises before in the Community, sparked by political titans such as Margaret Thatcher and Charles de Gaulle. But this was different. The people had spoken and the forward march of European integration was halt- ed in its tracks. The "no" and "yes" votes were so close that until the last ballot papers were counted, at 11pm on Tuesday, no- one could be sure of the result. In the Folketing, Denmark's Parliament, offi- cials paced the floors and nervously consulted one another as the bad news rolled in from across the country. A wide margin of defeat in the early evening was quickly narrowed, until it became settled at 50.7 per cent for, 49.3 per cent against. Outside the Folketing a crowd had already gathered, singing, shouting, and cheering. The politicians looked drained as they slipped out of the side exits: many of their party workers joined the throng. The votes of fewer than 30,000 Danes may have decided the future of more than 300 million Europeans, an absurd result in the view of the panjandrums of integration. But it wasn't like that, of course. The Danes who voted against Maastricht were saying something that many others had been saying for months: something was wrong. The difficulty for the critics of the EC and Maastricht has always been that they were marginalised by the system. In each country there were parties and factions opposed to Brussels, but they tended to be at the margins and at oppo- site ends of the spectrum. There was no effective cross-Europe- an cooperation, few mainstream spokes- men, and little influence. Strange alliances have resulted: the right-wing Freedom Association took out an advert- in one of Denmark's left-wing news- papers to plead the case for rejection. Nobody could blame the Danish re- sult on crass nationalism or lack of com- prehension. The Danes had no single objection to the treaty. Some wanted parts of integration to go faster; most wanted it to go more slowly. They ob- jected to the defence provisions, to Eu- ropean citizenship, and to the pooling of immigration policy. But the broad point they made was the same: integration was going too fast. Maastricht unquestionably repre- sents a change of pace, but also a change in the nature of the relationship between national capitals and the EC. "Danes see the link with the Community as a mar- riage of business," said Hans-Jorgen Nielsen, a Danish political scientist. "But that changed with Maastricht. Sud- denly, the groom said that he wanted a little bit of love and sex, and not just to talk about money. The Danish wife didn't like that." Denmark's Foreign Minister, Uffe El- leman-Jensen, had pushed the treaty hard. For him, its rejection was per- verse. How could Danes want the Com- munity and not want union? "To be and not to be, that is the answer," was how he defined the Danish response: it was a paradox. It was not a paradox for the Danish people. The Danes want to stand still. They like the European Community — every poll shows them keen to stay members — but they do not want change, not on the lines of Maastricht. Standing still is not an option, however. It is not for nothing that the EC's metaphors are always of movement, of trains leaving stations. Progress towards union is built into the ECs aspirations. The federal goal, so controversial at Maastricht, was the central objective for the EC's founding fathers and remains so for their heirs. Movement towards this goal had to be maintained, for fear of collapse back into the anarchy of nation states. As Walter Hallstein, one of the lead- ing exponents of the federal vision said, integration is like a bicycle: if it doesn't go forward, it falls over. It is a popular theory of institutional politics, and one that is now to be tested to destruction. The ECs leading lights have become skilled at keeping the bicycle race going. The role of the commission was to edu- cate, agitate and organise in favour of the federal goal: it alone represents the interests of the Community as a whole. In the hands of Jacques Delors, one of the most success- ful presidents the commission has ever had, the whole thing has been welded into a sophisticated form of enlightened despotism, mediated by national gov- ernments and pulling in interest groups from across the Twelve. However, a significant minority of voters have not been won over. The institutions of European democracy are shaky, because national parliaments ex- ercise but weak influence over the delib- erations of the Community and the European Parliament is still an infant in the legislative nursery. More important, loyalties remain tied to nation states or to smaller communities. Of course, Mr Delors and the com- mission have been prime targets for the recriminations that have followed the Danish debacle. His veiled threat to push for more institutional change be- fore the EC could accept new members undoubtedly helped swing the balance; and the commission's role as the arbiter of the new Europe was criticised by Mr Elleman-Jensen when he met the Press on Wednesday morning. In particular, the suspicions that Mr Loyalties remain tied to nation states or to smaller communities Delors had something up his sleeve, picked up by Danish papers before the referendum, were blamed by many for the defeat There were hints of more power for the commission, more power for Mr Delors and the weakening of the national veto. However, the truth is that it is nation- al politicians who have far more to an- swer for than the commission. France and Germany, by pushing for what they called the "Euro-corps", gave the im- pression that a joint EC army was on the cards, and that alienated more voters than any other single statement. They also said that they would push ahead with union regardless of the Danish re- sult, and that alienated not just the Danes but many of the other small na- tions in Europe's northern heartland. "So the little countries can just be forgotten, eh? Well, the Danes showed them," said one normally communau- taire official. Above all, politicians of every stripe have underestimated the degree of opposition. Eighty per cent of Danish parliamentarians supported the treaty; less than 50 per cent of their voters agreed. Critics of the Danish Gov- ernment interpreted this as a crisis of lead- ership: but in truth, it was a crisis of repre- sentation. The gap between the governors and the governed has be- come conventional wisdom in Europe this year. The Right has been in chaos because the Christian Democrat parties of Germany, Italy, and Belgium have all suffered electoral reverses. The resur- gence of the far right had been identified as the main problem: but the irony is that in Denmark it was the Left that took the initiative, with Social Demo- crat voters leading the charge against Maastricht. The Left in Denmark has always been sceptical of Europe. The party leader ship was for Maastricht but the party's members deserted in droves on Tues- day. Kirsten Jensen, a member of the European Parliament for the opposition Social Democrats, was dismayed. "It's a blow to democratic socialism in Europe, but people don't see it that way in this country," she said as Tuesday night ebbed away. "It's undoubtedly a move to the right." All of northern Europe's left-wing parties have had their problems with the EC: Britain's Labour Party, like the So- cial Democrats, is no exception. Labour critics of Maastricht have been penned in, their influence limited by the dictates of party discipline as much as the Tory rebels. In Britain, where the most damaging splits had been on the right, the ejection of Margaret Thatcher from Downing Street and the election seemed to have resolved the European issue. The result has been a government that is cautious ly, but definitely, committed to Europe. Indeed, there was some hope that Britain, in the absence of authority else where, was capable of playing a leader- ship role in Europe. The Foreign Secretary, Douglas Hurd, laid out a stra- tegy for Europe in a speech at the Lord Mayor's banquet earlier this year. This philosophising must now take second place to keeping the bicycle up right. Britain takes over the presidency of the EC next month, and all the other work — solving the EC's finances, find- ing new money for the southern states, completing the single market and bring- ing in new members—is infected by the Danish bacillus. There is concern, of course, that other countries will follow the Danish lead, in Ireland or France or any other country that decides on a referendum. But, more than that, national governments are get- ting edgy. Some may want to ditch the EC's laggards, and proceed faster with the project of union that is so dear to their hearts. Ever since the EC opened its doors to new members, some politicians and of- ficials have been saying that the new boys were more trouble than they were worth. In that case, standing still would be no option for the Danes: they would probably have to return to the European Free Trade Association, the club from which they graduated in 1972. Britain's goal is deceptively simple: to keep the Community together in its present form, and proceed with the trea- ty that is on the table. Perhaps more than any other state, it has a cast-iron interest in preserving the existing bal- ance. The domestic background to Maas- tricht, the continuing tensions in the Conservative Party, fears that the others will go ahead faster or start marginalis- ing sceptical states, all contribute to a powerful sentiment in favour of stabili- ty. Mr Hurd was one of the leading doomsters last year, protesting that the EC was getting ahead of its people. Now he has been proved right; but he must form an unholy alliance with Jacques Delors to keep the Maastricht bicycle upright. — The Independent 