Major's unity call woos rebel Tories Rousing speech should clinch Maastricht vote From ANTHONY BEVINS In London The British Prime Minister, John Major, has assured himself of a majority in next Wednesday's House of Commons vote on Maas tricht with a rousing speech on Thursday night to Tory backbench ers. Mr Major demanded party unity, ad mitted a Government mistake on pit closures and tantalisingly mentioned a popular "package of measures" to help to ignite economic recovery. Some Tory MPs speculated later that the Prime Minister's talk of a package "accompanying" and "associated with" Norman Lamont's Autumn Statement on November 12 suggested measures that went well beyond the normal public spending round; something amounting to an emergency Budget for jobs and growth. "The top priority for this Govern ment is to secure an economic recovery as soon as we can produce one," Mr Major told a special meeting of the Tory backbench 1922 Committee. He added that the Chancellor of the Exchequer's package would "win the approval" of his party. , As for the immediate problem of Maastricht, Mr Major underlined the Cabinet's earlier decision to confront the die-hard Tory critics with a clear-cut motion on Maastricht next week. He warned that Britain would need allies if it was to make progress at the EC sum mit in Edinburgh, and added, "Why should we be able to tell France not to rat on GATT, if we rat on Maastricht?" If Britain put itself on the sidelines, it would allow the other 11 EC countries "to gang up on what they see as perfidi ous Albion [Britain]", and to open u£> the possibility of a push for federalism. John Major "We need to establish confidence in the British economy, strengthen the credibility and authority of Britain in Europe," he said. "It is not a glorious posture for this country to hide behind the Danes." Earlier, during Commons question time, John Smith, leader of the opposi tion Labour Party, had raised the stakes with a direct attack on the Prime Minis ter's decision to go back on last month's parliamentary pledge on the Maastricht treaty legislation: that it would not be returned to the House before the Danish referendum problem had been clarified and before subsidiarity had been settled and put in place. Mr Major, having been assured in a letter from the Liberal Democrat leader, Paddy Ashdown, of his party's support for a tough motion on Maastricht, pounced hard on the Labour leader, ac cusing him of "wriggling" away from Labour's pro-EC policies. "If he can't keep his principles in Opposition, he will stay in Opposition," Mr Major said to a roar of Tory back bench support. His rumbustious Commons perform ance was consolidated by the speech to the 1922 Committee. Described by some MPs as the best Mr Major had made since he became Prime Minister, he de livered a carefully crafted speech to win over MPs who have been battered by the recent, "extraordinary" run of crises. The heart of his appeal came with a call to Tories for a return to traditional loyalties. "It is not reasonable to take opposi tion to extremes, to take matters to tele vision studios first and ministers second; to denounce government with out discussing with government. The manifesto is not an a la carte menu from which to choose the juicy and popular measures." Mr Major's attempt to win over his MPs centred on the economic appeal — an issue that was closely related to the European question that will be decided by the Commons next week. He directly addressed two of the "myths of Maastricht" uppermost in MPs' minds — saying that ratification would not force a return to the exchange rate mechanism and assured them that on immigration "it did not mean Britain would be required to take in anybody we aon twant to . — Tt» Indtfxndtnt 