INTERNATIONAL New poll for Danes; finance deal EC accord on treaty, budget EDINBURGH: European Community leaders, wrestling through a tangle of vexing questions on unity and fi nance, wrung out agreements late on Saturday on two mat ters which had threatened to shatter the EC's future. "Today we have solved the Ru bik's Cube that was laid before us," the British Prime Minister, John Major, said, claiming victory at the end of a lacklustre six-month stint in the EC's rotating presidency. . In 48 hours, the EC summit came up with a package of Maas tricht Treaty exemptions for Den mark that would enable Copen hagen to hold a second referendum after the treaty was rejected by an initial vote in June. It also produced a compromise formula for gradually increasing the community's budget in a way that satisfied both the poor countries that want a larger piece of the EC pie, and the richer ones that want to spend less. The decisions "will enable the community to go forward as 12", Mr Major said. "The summit has put us back together and put us on the road to economic recovery." The Danish rejection of the Maastricht Treaty for economic and political union threw the EC into crisis, because the treaty needs unanimity to proceed. The summit leaders gave Den mark exemptions from European defence policy, a single currency, common citizenship, immigration and judiciary affairs. By the end of the year, all EC countries will have ratified the trea ty except Denmark and Britain. Mr Major said he expected the British Parliament to take a formal vote to ratify the treaty "very, hard on the heels" of the Danish referen dum in April or early May. The EC leaders also agreed to begin formal negotiations with three countries — Austria, Sweden and Finland — on January 1 to bring them into the community by the mid-1990s. They decided on a growth initia tive which Mr Major said would boost investments by £24 billion (SA54.36 billion), and on a program to curb the decision-making power of the ECs central bureaucracy. The decisions depended on a budget accord to finance the com munity to the turn of the century. EC officials said the summit A beaming British Prime Minister, John Major, faces a press conference at the end of . the EC summit in Edinburgh yesterday. agreed to increase the budget from a ceiling of 1.2 per cent of gross na tional product in 1992 to a maxi mum 1.27 percent in 1999. This would increase maximum spending from 66.5 billion Ecu ($A119.38 billion) in 1992 to 80.55 billion Ecu ($A144.12 billion) in 1999. The EC leaders agreed to grant Spain, Portugal, Ireland and Greece 15.15 billion Ecu ($A27.12 billion) in a special "cohesion fund". On Friday the EC leaders agreed to give Germany an extra 18 seats in the European Parliament to take account of unification, Spanish offi cials said. They also agreed to increase the number of seats for almost all other countries in proportion. In a linked decision, they agreed to confirm the French city of Stras bourg as the site of the parliament's 12 plenary session each year, with Brussels playing host to special ses sions. The parliament secretariat will remain in Luxembourg. The deal, which ended a long festering dispute on the sites of EC institutions, will end the parity among the four largest member states from the next European elec tions in mid-1994. Germany will have 99 . parlia mentarians in place of 81. France, Britain and Italy will each have 87 seats instead of their present 81. Spain's representation will rise to 64 members from 60. The Neth erlands will have 31 instead of 25. — AFP. PA. Editorial - Page 10. 