France to narrowly reject Maastricht treaty: new poll PARIS: A second opinion poll has predicted the French will nar rowly reject the Maastricht treaty in a September referendum, under lining a slide in support for the ac cord on European Community union. An IPSOS poll for Le Point mag azine issued on Wednesday ahead of publication showed 52 per cent of decided voters rejecting the trea ty and 48 per cent voting in favour. It followed a poll on Tuesday for Paris Match magazine, which showed a "no" vote winning by 51 per cent to 49 per cent Three other polls on Tuesday showed the "yes"' vote slipping but narrowly winning, by margins of 51-49,51-49 and 52-48. The surveys showed many French were concerned about the domestic impact of the treaty, a blueprint for political, economic and monetary union in the 12 nation EC. By voting "no", others wanted to protest against President Francois Mitterrand and the Social ist-led Government. Mr Mitterrand, meeting Chancel lor Helmut Kohl in Germany, told reporters the French needed better explanations. "These polls show advocates of Europe have to explain, explain, ex plain in order to convince, con vince, convince," said Mr Mitterrand. The polls showed "no" voters worried about losing their national identity and sovereignty, fearful a future Europe would be run by bu reaucrats in Brussels, and con vinced rich France would have to pay dearly to keep poorer EC mem bers abreast. On the right wing, there are wor ries about uncontrolled immigra tion in a border-free Europe and on the Left, charges the treaty sets up a businessman's paradise but does not protect workers enough. Many farmers think even pre-Maastricht Europe has been bad for them. If France rejected Maastricht it would be a crushing blow for the treaty, battered in June by Den mark's rejection. The Danish "no" prompted Mr Mitterrand to call a referendum in France. Polls at the time showed the "yes" majority in France as high as 60 per cent. Wednesday's poll showed more people were fearful than hopeful in a series of questions about France after Maastricht. The poll underlined the domestic factor, with 47 per cent of people choosing hostility to Mitterrand rather than to Maastricht as a more important reason for voting "no". A Sofres poll for Le Figaro news paper, which gave the "yes" vote a 51-49 percent majority, said 20 per cent of those asked saw the referen dum as a way to show discontent with Nr Mitterrand. — Router I 