Letters to the Editor Fax to 2802282 or send to 'Letters to the Editor', The Canberra Times, PO Box 7155, Canberra Mail Centre, ACT, 2610. Reasons must be right ones May 5 AS WE are all aware, Mr Keating has astutely diverted the public's attention away from a troubled economy and increasing unem ployment figures towards the issue of a republic. As an Englishman, and having worked and toured around this great country for 12 months now, I am firmly of the opinion that Aus tralia should eventually become a republic. However it is important that Australia becomes a republic for the right reasons: these are namely; that it wishes to consolidate itself as a nation state, that it finally wants to be recognised internationally as a completely independent state and, more importantly, it wants to be more representative of its indi genous population. Australia should not become a republic because it has been blind ed by Mr Keating's anti-British sentiments, which I presume stems from Mr Keating's supposed Irish ancestry. Mr Keating's failure to have a number of direct representatives of the Aboriginal people on his repub lican committee, as well as a consti tutional "expert" perhaps in the form of a former Governor General, is further proof that Mr Keating is seeking a republic to sat isfy himself rather than for the Aus tralian people as a whole. Australia should achieve its in dependence in a dignified manner through tact and diplomacy, two qualities which have evidently evaded Mr Keating's political ca reer. Australia will undoubtedly have the support of many British people if independence is achieved for the right reasons, rather than Mr Keating's innate hatred of the British monarchy. KIERAN BOWERS Canberra Grammar School, Red Hill Children's ideas misconceived May 5 READING your newspaper for April 18 recently, I chanced upon an article in your junior section Republican push just a diversion Received May 5 THERE is an old trick which po liticians use when times are not in their favour, when their prom ises have not come true, when their prophecies have not materi alised. Then politicians always look desperately for something which sidetracks the public mind from the real problems. Keating's drive into the uncharted waters of creating a republic, is just the thing to split the nation into two very hostile groups. It creates emotional outbursts and hysteri cal stubbornness. Take for example the violent and inhuman confrontations in Russia and Yugoslavia as they search for a new identity. In situ ations like this, you can literally get away with murder. We are all witnessing a classic republican nightmare in Russia and Yugo slavia. All this horror could happen in Australia. Some rich state may want to go its own way to avoid sharing taxes with the federal body. Others, demonstrating their loyalty to the Queen, will invite her to move to Australia. Yet other states may want to create their own trade bloc. Since Keating took over the position of Treasurer he has en gaged in radical changes with devastating consequences for the community at large. He lacks any feeling or consideration for others in considering how his ac tions affect them. His high-interest-rates policy has been disastrous for many, many families. Keating's whole venture into his monetary ex travaganzas has failed. His continuous stubborn prophecies proved wrong and so will his stubborn adventure into republicanism. For me, the British people and the Crown are like parents of a large family, keeping its members together. Australia, with its Brit ish way of life, influenced me to choose Australia to start my new life and I find it utterly wrong that Mr Keating should try to dissolve Australia's bond with England and its Royalty. This relationship can and must be resolved in a much more hu man and respectful manner. And manners is something Mr Keating has never displayed in Parliament. GUS PETERSILKA Braddon entitled "Congratulations to Red Hill Primary". The article consists of a number of letters written on the republican issue by pupils of Red Hill Primary School in the 11-12 age group. Sadly, many of the points made in the letters are incorrect and re flect a complete misunderstanding of the practicalities of the Austra lian constitutional position. What is most worrying, is to consider that both teachers and parents have un doubtedly provided guidance in the matter and that this work reflects their lack of knowledge. The Queen does not interfere in Australian affairs at all. In fact Mr Bill Hayden, the Governor-Gener al (a position which is effectively entirely determined by Australia), went on record recently saying just that. Indeed the common misappre hension that the Queen played a part in the dismissal of Prime Min ister Gough Whitlam also needs correction. She did in fact refuse to interfere in what was clearly the Governor-General implementing the will of the Australian people. Australia is not subjected to Brit ish (not English) desires or deci sions in any way at all, least of all in the area of military involvement. There was no Australian involve ment in the Falklands War and none to speak of in the Gulf crisis. In both these matters Britain act ed autonomously and, I would say, acquitted herself admirably in line with a long and distinguished histo ry which Australians also have ev ery right to be proud of. To conclude, whilst I believe that Australia should become a re public at some point, it is not the province of schools to be forward ing children's letters on such sub jects, especially when they are so incorrect in their content. The most important thing, for all Australians, is to become informed on the matter so that, come the day, they know what they.are doing and why they are doing it. This will allow the transition to take place in a mature, dignified way and put in place the formalities which, for all practical purposes, the rest of the world assumes exist already. RICHARD ANTHONY Campbell Park No doubt over Maastricht May 5 REFERRING to your article entit led "New doubt over Maastricht plan" (CT, May 4, p. 7), you may be interested in a statement re leased by the said Mr Donald Allen following the publication of certain articles in the British Press: "I am deeply shocked by the use made of my name and function in this weekend's Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday, on the subject of the Danish referendum. I want to make clear that: "1. Contrary to the misleading presentation made, I am not the principal legal adviser of the Com mission, but only one of eight se nior officials of the Legal Service of the Commission of the Communi ties, the head of which is Mr J. L. Dewost. • "2. My functions have not in volved me either in the negotia tions of the Maastricht Treaty or in the European Council of Edin burgh, or indeed in any institution al matters. "3. My coments given in an in formal way as a matter of courtesy referred only to the professional reputation of one of the authors and the technical quality of the pre sentation of the legal opinion re ferred to in the articles, but not to its merits and conclusions. u4. On the contrary, 1 fully share the commission's view, which in deed I have never doubted, that the decision agreed in Edinburgh by the heads of state and government, in order to answer the Danish re quest, is binding in international law. "5.1 regard the use of my name in such a serious matter as a blatant act of bad faith. "D. Allen" ROGER CAMILLERI Commission of the European Communities, Yarralumla No pro-Strine zealotry, please May 5 IAN WARDEN'S distress (CT, 2 May 2, p. 30) at hearing a non Strine narrator in the recently screened documentary on killer whales is predictable, but mis placed. E>espite his assertion, this film is simply not a dinky-di pro duction. I don't recall it even mentioning Australia. Its topic is entirely inter national, and none of it was (or could have been, for lack of materi al) filmed in this country. The cred its, I recall, acknowledge to over seas funding sources as well as the ABC. Since it is an international film designed for an international mar ket, its Australian producers, and their backers, did the wise thing and used the most internationally known wildlife narrator available. Recent converts are the most ra bid and intolerant religious fanat ics, and those of us who were born in this country must be on our guard against the pro-Strine ex cesses of the zealot element of our immigrant population—especially those with over-wrought prostates. IAN A. CLARK Reid Getting a letter published: • Keep it under 250 words. • Make it legible. If handwrit ten, make it double spaced. • Sign it. • Give full residential address (suburb only published). We cannot publish or acknowledge all letters. People wanting acknowledg ment should enclose a stamped ad dressed envelope. Letters may be ed ited down unless marked for publication in full or not at all. 