Brave Socceroos bow out BUENOS AIRES: Australia's brave Socceroos were in tears after taking two-time world champion Argentina to the wire before bowing out of World Cup contention 1-0 at a packed Riv- er Plate Stadium yesterday. "I don't think they are a better team than us... it's heart-breaking, it's the worst feeling ever, said speedy flanker Robbie Slater, sum- ming up the feeling in the Austra- lian dressing room. A flukey own goal in the 59th minute set back the Socceroos, who needed to win the match or secure at least a 2-2 draw to progress to the Cup finals in the US next year. Although the Argentines created more opportunities in front of their 60,000 fans and deserved their 1-0 victory, the Australians' pain was more acute because they should have been playing against 10 men for the majority of the match. Socceroo coach Eddie Thomson and the team believe Argentine de- fender Oscar Ruggeri deserved a red card from Danish referee Peter Mikkelsen when he brought a goal- ward-bound Graham Arnold down in a professional foul in the 16th minute. Arnold had only the keeper to beat when Ruggeri opted for dam- age control and brought the Austra- lian veteran crashing down just outside the box. "Ruggeri should have been sent off'' Thomson said after the match. "Arnold was clean through. Any- where else it's an automatic send-off." Slater and probably many of the tens of millions who watched the match on television around the globe concluded the big difference between the $60 million Argentina outfit and the $1 million Socceroos was the priceless Diego Maradona. Australian captain Paul Wade, playing a record breaking 65th "A" international, was as diligent as he was in the first game in Sydney last month as Maradona's minder, but the 33-year-old whiz was back to his brilliant best yesterday. On numerous occasions Mara- dona created space when there was none. He constructed something out of an overcrowded midfield on a surface that was greasy and bumpy. The Australians tackled hard and played with purpose if not poise on the ball. They gave away nothing in an environment that has brought the world's best teams undone. Doth Maradona and Argentine coach Alfio Basile praised the Soc- ceroos. "They have performed very well," Maradona said. "They com- plicated the match for Argentina. Basile was clearly impressed with the Australians' resolve in the face AP pictures Australian skipper Paul Wade and his Argentine counterpart, Diego Maradona, contest the ball in yesterday's World Cup qualifier. of the intimidation from the mon- ster crowd. "The Australian team is very, very strong - that is a great team." Wade and Thomson were confi- dent Australia had finally shown the world it was a top-rung outfit. In fact, the visitors looked the better side for the first quarter of the match, despite Argentina creating the best chance of the match in the 12th minute. A left-foot cross from Maradona found Gabriel Batistuta unattend- ed. In the centre, about 12m from goal, Batistuta connected with his head but the ball flew to the right of the post. "He should have scored," Thom- son conceded. When Arnold was brought down a few minutes later it looked like the Socceroos were on the verge of si- lencing the whistling, dancing, sing- ing and screaming crowd. Keeper Robbie Zabica wasn't forced to make any sort of save until the 27th minute. Four minutes later he made a brilliant save, tapping Ruggeri's header over the bar then just before the break Abel Balbo found himself with no one in front of him except Zabica. He shot from the right and Zabi- ca collapsed in the right direction, diverting the ball for a corner. Australia seemed a little sluggish early in the second term and paid a cruel price in the 59th minute when Batistuta's cross hit Alex Tobin and the ball dribbled into the back of the net after touching the far post on the way through. The deficit prompted Australia to push forward at every opportuni- ty Half chances came to Tobin and impressive sub Carl Veart in the twilight of the game, but it was too little too late. Argentina, which has reached three of the four past World Cup finals, became the last of the 24 teams to qualify for USA 94. . THE Federal Government plans to honour the Socceroos de- spite yesterday's loss. The Minister for Immigration, Nick Bolkus, said a reception would be held in Sydney on the team's return from Argentina. 