An Australian who died at Ypres Private Cyrus David Johnson, killed while carrying a wounded sergeant on a stretcher in 1918. His family did not learn the facts for more than 70 years. WHEN Private Cyrus David Johnson, aged 18, left the little North Coast valley of Taylors Arm in 1917 complete with a cake made by his sister Lila, he was not to know that he would never return. On March 3, 1918, Cyrus, or Cyrie as he was known to the family, was listed missing in action after a raid on the vil lage of Warneton in the heartland of Flanders. Seventy-five years passed and in that time Cyrie's parents (Mr and Mrs Charles Johnson, of Taylors Arm) and five brothers and sisters have died. The youn gest sister, Ingeborg (known in Goulburn as Mrs Ingeborg Hume, of Garroorigang), died last week, aged 86. It was Ingeborg's daughter Jenny who, after 70 years, was able to find out from a faded Red Cross file in the Australian War Memorial where and how Cyrie died. While the family, like so many other families, lived in hope that some where, some day, their sons would re turn, the information that Cyrie would never come home was there all the time. "It was purely by chance that the exist ence of the file was discovered," Jenny said. "I had taken a collection of First World War letters and photographs from Cyrie to the War Memorial and casually mentioned that the family never did find out what happened'' The curator asked me if I had checked the Red Cross files on men and women Missing in Action compiled on request for relatives or friends at the time, pro vided the Red Cross was asked to inves tigate. It was a long shot but we looked up the index and sure enough there was a file on Cyrie. An English soldier had asked the Red Cross to "try and find out what had happened to my mate Cyrus John son". In the file were 10 accounts of Cyrie's disappearance - but only three were eye witness evidence. One report was: Almost by chance, Jenny Macdougall discovered how her uncle, missing since 1918, had died. "Ypres Salient, 1918, by W. A.Thornc, Pte, 3135, 36th Battalion. "Johnson was in my platoon, No 12, C Company; he was about 5'8" in height and fair-haired. We were coming back after having raided Fritz. Johnson was stretcher-bearing at the time, canying a Sgt, when he took a wrong turning and got right in the line of a Fritz machine gun. He was killed outright by a bullet hitting him in the stomach. We were only a few yards away at the time and I heard Another Missing in Action file can be closed him drop and groan. The Sgt and the other stretcher-bearer were also killed. Some of our boys saw him fall but I cannot give the name of anyone. We all heard him fall. Johnson was left where he fell." \- Dartford 11/7/18 Jenny said, "When I rang my mother and told her, 'I know what happened to Uncle Cyrie,' and related the details, there was a long silence on the phone and I wondered if it would not have been better if the file had never been found. The little girl... who waved goodbye to her brother was, at 83, to finally know." This story subsequently led to a pil grimage back to Flanders, where the great battles of Passchendaele, Messines and Ypres were fought and where Cyrie died after only three months on the front. Straddling the main street of Ypres is the famous Menin Gate Memorial with the names of 55,000 missing men of the Ypres salient. "The little village of Ypres had been totally destroyed but is once again a charming Belgian village," Mrs Hume said. The Hume family arrived there in No vember 1989 and the bright red poppy wreaths of the November 11 services decked the memorial. Each year now, schoolchildren hold a poppy parade and the poppy petals shower from the roof of the memorial. However, more moving is the 8pm sounding of the Last Post, a tradition every night since 1929. The fire brigade buglers stop the traffic while it is played. It was, after 70 years of wondering, a moment when Ingie Johnson could at last say good-bye. "We found Cyrie's name on the Menin Gate and I left some flowers nearby," Mrs Hume said. "Then we visited other me morials and some of the endless war cem eteries that lie all over... Flanders. "Having studied the diaries of the 36th Battalion and the maps where it was lo cated, on the day my brother was lost, and having found the Warneton village, I was able to stand within one square kilo metre of where my brother lies to this day," Mrs Hume said. "It was an eerie feeling." But what of the boy whose life was ended so early in the hellhole of Flanders like so many of Australia's fine young men at that time? On August 12,1914, Cyrie as a school \ The telegram that told Mr Charles Johnson his son was missing. boy at the Scot's College, Sydney, wrote to his sister Emily, "I got a postcard from Bob from Colombo. He should be nearly home if the Germans have not collared him. Don't you admire those little Bel gians putting up such a fight against the Germans? There is no end of excitement in the city. You see groups of people standing all over the place discussing the war. Out at the heads all the big guns are uncovered and there are crowds of sol diers walking up and down all day, some of them with glasses, looking out to sea. They shot a German spy out there the other day." Another letter written in 1912 from his home in Taylors Arm to his sister in boarding school tells something of his life. Son of a Danish immigrant, Carl Jenson (later Charles Johnson), Cyrie spent his young life on the family farm and helping in the making of cheese at his father's cheese factory, one of the first in Australia. So after 75 years another Missing in Action file of the Great War can be finally closed. It is too late to mourn but not too late to remember. Cyrus David Johnson lies in an unknown grave in Flanders Fields. Today a flower will be laid for him at the grave of the unknown soldier at the Australian War Memorial. The little sis ter, Ingeborg, died last month after seek ing from her family the promise that Cyrie would be remembered on this day. \ \ NS S \^\\\ 