^?TV MOVIES 1 GREAT VIEWING 2WORTHALOOK 3 IN DESPERATION H Pick of the Week: Out of Africa (1985) on Saturday at 8.30pm on Capital: One of those films attacked by critics who forget that inaccuracy does not stop a film from being entertaining. Robert Redford was panned mercilessly because he made no attempt to hide his American accent - which in the presence of the queen of accents, Meryl Streep, was probably the wisest thing he could do - and yet his actual performance as the romantic . co-star was ignored. Streep and Redford definitely had a chemistry here, which made this spectacular film based on the memo ries of Danish author Karen Blixen all the more enjoyable. What a pity the breathtaking scenes from his plane cannot be done justice on the small screen. A thoroughly enjoyable film. Also stars Klaus Maria Brandauer, Michael Kitchen. CD SS33I2IESB Pursued (1947) at 12.55am on the ABC: Cow boy goes looking for revenge but accidentally causes a tragedy in his adopted family. At this time of night one can't be too choosy. Stars Robert Mitchum, Teresa Wright, Judith Ander son, Dean Jagger, Alan Hale, Harry Carey Jnr. The Untouchables (1987) at 8.30pm on WIN: Eliot Ness in the form of Kevin Costner goes after AI Capone, in the form of Robert De Niro, with Sean Connery lending a hand. There's a lot to like about this film, not the least of which are the fine performances from three of Hollywood's hottest stars. CD Blood Oath (1990) at 8.30pm on Prime: Bryan Brown puts in a typically strong, macho Bryan Brown performance as a military lawyer fighting a losing battle against red tape in an effort to prosecute those responsible for atroci ties in a Japanese POW camp during World War II. Also stars Ray Barrett, George Takei, Jason Donovan. CD 3BBSB Carnival (1946) at 1.05am on the ABC: A beautiful ballet dancer marries a farmer who kills her when her lover comes after her. Don't wait up especially, but if you can't sleep, there are worse ways of passing the time. Stars Sally Gray, Michael Wilding, Bernard Miles, Cath leen Nesbitt. © Wild is the Wind (1958) at 11.55pm on Capital: A beaut little soapy (as far as they go) that sees a widowed Italian farmer marrying his wife's sister, who in turn falls for his son. Stars Anna Magnani, Anthony Quinn, Anthony Franciosa, Dolores Hart, Joeseph Calleia. ® Guilty Conscience at 2.40am on WIN: A lawyer debates his alter ego on the pros and cons of killing his wife so that he can run off with his mistress. Good casting with some very clever scripting. Stars Anthony Hopkins, Blythe Dan ner, Swoosie Kurtz. (T) Rough Cut (1980) at noon on Prime: Jewel thief Burt Reynolds is targetted by David Niv en, who wants to retire from Scotland Yard in a blaze of glory. A little heavy-handed, but therevs a cute little twist at the end. Also stars Leslie Anne Down (sigh), Timothy West, Patrick Ma gee, Joss Ackland. © avi m mi om >7iVB I Was A Spy (1933) at 12.40am on the ABC: A fairly unremarkable story of a Belgian nurse who spies for the British after her country is occupied by the Germans during World War I. Stars Madelaeine Carroll, Conrad Veidt, Her bert Marshall, Gerald du Maurier, Edmund Gwenn, Donald Calthrop. © Summer Wishes, Winter Dreams (1973) at 3.10am on WIN: New York housewife with loads of emotional baggage falls apart when her mother dies, but her husband picks up the pieces when he takes her on a trip to the battle fields of World War II. Reasonable cast gets bogged down in a stodgy story that is unengag ing to say the least. Stars Joanne Woodward, Martin Balsam, Sylvia Sidney, Don Brenner, Win Forman. © Im Balance (1982) at 10.45pm on SBS: French dctectives use a petty crim's relationship with a prostitute to get at the head of an under world gang. A violent cop film that has you wondering at times just who the bad guys really are. Stars Nathalie Baye, Philippe Leotard, Richard Berry, Maurice Ronet. CD sznssss All Night Long (1961) at 1.05am on the ABC: Othello and all that jazz. A trumpeter tries to kill his wife after a jealous rival puts out nasty rumours at an all-night party. Can't fault the cast, but there's something about the Shakes pearean take-off that misses the right note by just a semitone. Still, it's worth staying up for. Stars Patrick McGoohan, Richard Attenbor ough, Keith Michell, Betsy Blair, Marti Stevens, Paul Harris, Bernard Braden. CD Night of the Following Day (1969) at mid night on Capital: An infuriating story about a girl who is kidnapped on her way to Paris to stay with her father. Standard ransom story until the maddening finale. Stars Marlon Bran do, Richard Boone, Rita Moreno, Pamela Franklin, Jess Hahn. © Love With the Proper Stranger (1963) at noon on Prime: Endearing comedy about a musician who tries to help a friend in trouble to get an abortion, but they get married instead. Natalie Wood (sigh) is wonderful. Also stars Steve McQueen, Tom Boslcy, Edia Adams, Herschel Bernardi. © Life is a Long Quiet River (1988) at 8.30pm on SBS: This is a beaut film. A nurse in love with her boss/lover switches two babies at birth to get at him. Years later the boss's wife dies and still he doesn't marry her, so she reveals the swap. The kids, of course, went to families poles apart on the social scale. The prim and proper upper-class family wants its rightful son, who until then has been brought up in an environ ment bordering on the criminal. Broke all sorts of French box-office records. Stars Benoit Magi mal, Helene Vincente, Andre Wilms, Daniel Gelin, Catherine Hiegel, Christine Pignet, Pat rick Bouchley. CD The Heroes of Telemark (1965) at 8.30pm on the ABC: Predictable story about Norwegian Resistance fighters who blow up the Nazi heavy water plant. Stars Kirk Douglas, Richard Har ris, Ulla Jacobsson, Roy Dotrice, Anton Diffr ing, Michael Redgrave. © Above Us the Waves (1955) at 10.50pm on the ABC: Still in Norway, this time it's midget submarines that attack a German ship in a fjord. Stars John Mills, Michael Gregson, Don ald Sinden, James Robertson Justice, Michael Medwin, Lee Patterson, Lyndon Brook. (5) FM (1978) at midnight on Capital: Life in a late-70s commercial radio station which goes to the top, prompting the advertising reps to call for more advertising, moves resisted by the jocks, whose programming would suffer as a result. No doubt the significance of the message will be lost on our local FM stations who fill the time between commercials with purile attempts at comedy. We won't name names. Stars Mi chael Brandon, Eileen Brennan, Alex Karras, Cleavon Little, Martin Mull. © Song Without End (1960) at 3.10am on WIN: The life of composer Franz Liszt, unfor tunately full of two-dimensional characterisa tions. Still, the music can't be faulted - the score won an Oscar for musical director Morris Stoloff. Stars Dirk Bogarde, Capucine, Gene vieve Page, Lyndon Brook, Alex Davison. ® Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon (1970) at noon on Prime: Dripping with senti mentality, this is a difficult film to sit through. A disfigured girl, a gay paraplegic and a shy epileptic move in together. Sounds like the makings of an appalling bad-taste joke. Unfor tunately it doesn't get much better. Stars Liza Minnelli, Ken Howard, Robert Moore, Kay Thompson, Leonard Frey, James Coco, Fred Williams. (3D The Godfather (1972) at 8.30pm on WIN: In the beginning there was Marlon Brando and his cotton-ball jowls. The first of the series that delves into the world of the Mafia, with a killer cast that only a director of the standing of Francis Ford Coppola could muster. Also stars A1 Pacino, James Caan, Richard Castellano, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton. CD Coma (1977) at 8.30pm on Prime: Gene vieve Bujold suspects that hospital patients are deliberately being sent into comas so that their body parts can be sold. A bit schlocky, to be sure, but the cast does enough to raise it beyond the B-grade. Also stars Michael Douglas, Eliza beth Ashley, Rip Torn. © Mr Majestyk (1974) at 10.55pm on Prime: There's no end to the Mafia's fields of interest. Here the mob crosses swords with a melon grower in Colorado. Violent but worthy. Stars Charles Bronson, A1 Lettieri, Linda Cristal, Lee Purcell, Paul Keslo. (1) The Human Condition (Part 2) (1960) at 930pm on SBS: Part two of the trilogy which began last week. Having incurred the ire of authorities for trying to help the exploited and ill-treated workers in the Manchurian mine he was supervising, our hero is sent to a basic training camp himself. Japan is defeated and he is interned in a labour camp. Life's a bitch and then you have to watch it on TV. © 232SEE&SI; Mart Without a Star (1955) at 2pm on Capital: Despite Kirk Douglas singing and playing ban jo, this isn't all that bad. He's a wandering cowboy who helps settlers put up fences against a big cattle rancher. Also stars Jeanne Crain, Claire Trevor, William Campbell, Jay C. Flip pien, Mara Corday, Richard Boone. (1) Sleeping with the Enemy (1991) at 8.30pm on Capital: Julia Roberts discovers she's mar ried to a monster. She fakes her own death and relocates in an effort to get away from the beatings. But then he discovers she's still alive. Never really lived up to the hoopla that was promised on its cinema release. Also stars Pat rick Bergin, Kevin Anderson, Elizabeth Law rence, Kyle Secor. © Hell in the Pacific at 11.10pm on Capital: It sounded good in theory, but ended up as quiet as a war without guns. American pilot Lee Marvin is stranded on the same isolated island as Japanese Naval officer Toshiro Mifiine. De spite everything, they almost become friends. Sounds like anything but Hell. © Hard To Kill (1990) at 8.30pm on WIN: It is not long since this was last screened. After seven years in a coma after an incident that led to the deaths of all in his family, the legacy of his having uncovered political corruption in high places, Steven Segal, goes out for revenge. You know the rest. Also stars Kelly Le Brock, Bill Sadler, Frederick Coffin, Bonnie Burroughs. © Green Card (1990) at 8.30pm on Prime: Gerard Depardieu marries Andie MacDowell so that he can stay in the country and she can keep her apartment. Then the Immigration offi cials become suspicious, not to mention her friends and family. Hardly the romantic come dy of the decade, as we were led to believe, but it has its moments. Also stars Bebe Neuwirth, Gregg Edelman, Robert Prosky, Jessie Keosian. © \- List compiled by MARK WALLACE using per sonal knowledge of the films and various reference books, including Btoomsbury's Foreign Film QuMe, Leonard Maltln'a Movie and Video Guide 1993, and Halllwell'a Film Quide. Patrick Bergin as Martin, the obsessed ex, and Julia Roberts as the pursued Laura, In Capital's Sleeping with the Enemy. 