Norway still smarting from biggest spy scandal since the war Colleagues and officials remember Arne Treholt with much bitterness. NORMAN ABJORENSEN in Oslo reviews his legacy. "HEY, NILS," the white-haired man shouted out in the street to the Norwegian journal- ist with whom I was talking. He merely nodded in reply and went on talking. "A friend?" I asked. "No, certainly not. His name is Treholt, Arne Treholt. Have you heard of him? He likes to keep in touch." Arne Treholt, 51, was at the centre of Norway's biggest spy scandal since World War II. Ar- rested in 1984, the former For- eign Ministry official, who ad- mitted spying for the Soviet Union, was sentenced to 20 years' jail, but his sentence was later shortened and he was re- leased last year. However, he has maintained a larger-than-life status ever since, appearing as himself in a Danish television documentary, and gen- erally hovering in the public spotlight. Treholt is now starting to be noticed in the business world here, having set himself up in a venture marketing naval scrap and parts from the former Soviet Union. "He still has his contacts in Russia," a Foreign Ministry official said with a smile. But few people laugh at the Treholt legacy which has left a residue of bitterness among his former colleagues, politicians, the ruling Labour Party, and the se- curity police. Norway suffered a diplomatic buffeting in the aftermath of the incident. Apart from the damage inflict- ed on relations with Moscow — and it was substantial — Tre- holt's arrest and conviction put Norway on the outer with its nervous NATO allies and other nations with whom it had intelli- gence links. Norwegian security police had suspected as far back as 1977 that a high-level Soviet "mole" was operating in the Foreign Ministry, and in 1984 they de- tained Treholt as he was about to fly to Paris. He was carrying classified documents at the time. A one-time deputy minister ac- tive in the Labour Party, and a former personal adviser to Nor- way's trade minister, Treholt was the deputy head of the Foreign Ministry press office, and only days before had organised a press conference for the United States Secretary of State, George Shultz. US diplomats were swift in contacting the news media on hearing of Treholt's arrest, point ing out that he had had no ac- cess to briefing papers or other documents from Mr Schultz's talks with Norwegian officials. But it soon became clear that Treholt was close to the nerve centre. In 1982-83 he attended the Norwegian Defence College which instructs ranking officials on NATO's strategic planning. It was not just military and political information that Treholt passed on. For example, when Norwegian officials sat down for talks with Soviet officials on the issue of water resources in the far north of Norway, where it borders Russia, they found that the Sovi- ets had a complete set of the Norwegian briefing documents which undermined the Norwe- gian negotiating position. Treholt, a popular figure among his colleagues and some- thing of a golden boy in public life, spied for both conventional reasons: ideology and money. He was a key figure in the left wing of the Labour Party and he was an open admirer of the So- viet system but he was also a || Arne Treholt: released last year after serving a shortened sentence. || heavy gambler and ran up big debts. Norway's NATO allies had long suspected that a mole was at work and foreign counter-in- telligence agencies were called in to help keep Treholt under sur- veillance. When he applied to attend the Defence College he was already being investigated, but it was de- cided not to block his applica- tion lest he become suspicious. From 1979 until 1982 Treholt served as a member of the Nor- wegian delegation to the United Nations, during which time the Americans had him under con- stant surveillance. As the investigation intensified, Norwegian diplomats began to get edgy as the net was cast wide. One Norwegian ambassa- dor described how he noticed his passport being held for an undu- ly long period by immigration officials on his frequent returns to Oslo. It was because his passport, like those of all Norwegian dip- lomats at the time and many se- nior officials, was being surrepti- tiously photographed. Investigators would then cross-check planned itineraries with actual travel. It was in such a fashion that Treholt was eventually sprung. He was supposed to have been in Paris but was in fact in Vien- na where he was photographed with his "controller", General Gennadi Fyodorovich Titov, the then head of the KGB Third Department (which also had re- sponsibility for Australia). Treholt's arrest sparked a se- ries of recriminations, with the security police coming under fire for having not detected the mole sooner, the foreign and defence ministries, for their apparent lax- ness in vetting officials with ac- cess to classified information, and the Labour Party for having allowed itself to be used as a ve- hicle for spying. The Soviet response was an immediate denial and a counter- charge that the affair was a fic- tion aimed at embarrassing Mos- cow. In connection with Treholt's arrest, Norway expelled five So- viet diplomats for spying and Moscow retaliated by expelling a similar number of Norwegians and also their replacements. "At a single stroke, all of Nor- way's Russian expertise was neu- tralised," a senior Norwegian diplomat said this week. "With every Norwegian diplomat who spoke Russian and knew the cul- ture banned from going to Mos- cow, our information lifeline was cut. It was a tragedy, and left even further feelings of bitterness towards Treholt." The ambassador said it had been fashionable in Norway in recent years, especially since the end of the Cold War, to play down Treholt's actions, but he believed this was wrong. "The fact is that Arne Treholt was on his way to the top, and he could well have become for eign minister or something even higher. It is still frightening to think about it." Ian Warden is sick. 