THE BLAME GAME JAMIE DETTTMER in Washington reports the rapid rise and fall of President Clinton's stocks since the bombing in Oklahoma City. IT WAS only this month that Bill Clinton had to plead that his pre- sidency was still "relevant" despite having been sidelined by Newt Gin- grich's ' hyperactive Congress. In the aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing no-one doubts the influ- ence the White House can have on the nation's affairs. And Clinton in the im- mediate wake of the deadliest terrorist action to occur on United States soil comported himself as a chief executive should at a moment of stunning na- tional crisis: he communicated the country's fury at the butchery in a controlled, grave way. His reward was seen in opinion sur- veys taken in the first couple of days after the two-tonne bomb ripped through the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building. In one poll 84 per cent said they approved of Clinton's conduct. His job- approval rating shot up from the mid-40s to 52 per cent. As Republi- can pollster Robert Teeter, a former Bush campaign adviser, remarked, "The President looked and acted pre- sidential, and the nation responded favourably." But Clinton threw all that away last week by being unable to restrain him- self from treating the tragedy in Okla- homa as a political opportunity. With two diatribes — in Minneapolis and Io- wa — he reversed everything he had achieved by, as one columnist put it here, "turning dead children into poli- tical props". His political bid in the blame game shattered the bipartisanship that fol- lowed Oklahoma. "We hear so many angry voices in America today whose sole goal seems to be to try to keep some people as paranoid as possible ... they spread hate," he said. "They leave the impression that violence is acceptable. You ought to see the re- ports of some of the things that are regularly said over the airwaves in America today." The targets — despite later denials by his aides — were clear: gun-owners, talk-radio hosts, conservatives and anti-government Republican dissenters. It was certainly taken as such by the more aggressive Democrat congress- men who ran with the presidential ball and hurled it all around. The per- formance was opportunistic to say the least, and it triggered a mud-splatter ing, nasty and spiteful rumpus that has only served to muddy the far more important debate over what kind of home- grown terrorist threat America is facing and the best ways to deal with it. The gains Clinton earned consoling the nation that first dreadful weekend after the bombing are now lost in a torrent of public criticism, from independents as well as Republicans, and he stands accused of doing exactly what partisan right-wingers did to the anti-Vietnam-war movement in the An advertisement in a magazine read by people like Timothy McVeigh. 1960s or what McCarthy did to Holly- wood during the frenzied red scare in the 1950s. As Suzanne Fields, a Washington Times commentator, wrote, "It is a mean- spirited mistake to describe ter- rorism as growing out of the robust fertile debate about the role of the Fed- eral Government." What Clinton in effect was doing was to treat the bomb-planter, Timothy McVeigh, a madman who believes the Government implanted a microchip in his nether regions, as an agent for the real culprits, an ill-defined "them". And the links the President was try- ing to make were obvious: the apoca- lyptic obsessions of militia groups were being connected with the conser- vative legislative revolution taking place on Capitol Hill. The effort was every bit as gro- tesque as Newt Gingrich's accusation during last autumn's congressional election campaign that the society the Democrats had created was responsi- ble for the double infanticide carried out by that sick South Carolina moth- er Susan Smith. The intensity of the criticism that Clinton's speeches in the Midwest have elicited has taken aback the White House; which is still trying to soften the charges the President lev- elled. But even non-partisan analysts believe the tactical shift will fail to al- ter the public impression that the Pre- sident was trying to make political hay out of a tragic event. "There's a difference between being President and being presidential," says Mark Levin, a former Regan aide. "We expect during times of tragedy for our President to bring unity and leader- ship to the country." Ironically most of the mourners in Oklahoma City would probably count themselves as members of the reli- gious right tarred as agents of intoler- ance last week by Democrats. Certain- ly there are signs that Clinton will suffer in the polls. In a national sur- vey taken after the Minneapolis and Iowa speeches a resounding 88 per cent dismissed the idea that Republi- cans in Congress who have criticised big government "encouraged the peo- ple responsible for the bombing in Oklahoma City". The misstep by Clinton and the Democrats augurs badly for the future fight against domestic and militia- related terrorism, if one has to be joined. The counter-terrorism package announced by Clinton in mid-week contains some good things with surgic- al purpose, but there are elements to it which are likely to prompt just more paranoia and lead to further partisan clashes. In some ways McVeigh and his co- conspirators — there are likely to be at least half a dozen by the end of the investigation — could be compared to the canaries miners of old used to take down the shafts to warn of danger. The Oklahoma bombers are a gauge of a dramatic change in America's poli- tical atmosphere, which is not the same thing as saying they are the pro- ducts of the broad sweep of anti- government sentiment now prevalent in the US. There is growing evidence that there is a widespread fear in America of the Federal Government. Anecdotal and polling evidence suggests that Ameri- cans are becoming increasingly resent- ful of what they see as the arbitrary power of faceless regulators and law enforcement officers employed by an aloof and arrogant government. Attorney-General Janet Reno is the target of much of this anti-government fervour. Her role as overseer of the FBI and her supervision of the disas- trous Waco incident have earned her the scorn of those who believe federal law enforcement is over-weening and out of control. A disturbing picture of the dread Americans harbour of their own gov- ernment was brought home by a Gal- lup poll last week that suggested 39 per cent of Americans feel "the Feder- al Government has become so large and powerful it poses an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens". This anxiety is not exclusively a The shattered Federal building in Oklahoma City. Inset, lower left: Bill Clinton: turned dead children into political props; top right: Timothy McVeigh: he and his fellows seen as a gauge of dramatic change in America's political atmosphere. right-wing phenomenon. According to the pollsters, equal percentages of self- identified conservatives, liberals and centrists were worried about the scope and execution of government powers. Daniel Polsby, a Northwestern Uni- versity professor, believes fear of gov- ernment will rise in the wake of Clin- ton's anti-terrorist proposals. "You increase security through the coin of personal liberty," he said. As governments so often do after awful terrorist incidents, the Clinton Administration seems determined to legislate in haste and without waiting for a full appraisal of what the terror- ist dangers are. The Republicans are also at fault here and are as eager for some signs of Washington action, al- though they appear more sensitive than the White House to the risk to civil liberties. The danger is that, in his determina- tion to exhibit strong leadership and to silence his critics, Clinton will prompt one of America's periodic and divisive spasms of iron-fisted McCar- thyism. Since the time of the Salem witch-hunts the US has had a tendency to overreact in moments of crisis. In 1797, the Federalists passed the Alien and Sedition Acts designed to re- pel French terrorists — the result was central government abuse. In the 1920s, that good Liberal Woodrow Wil- son ordered raids to be mounted on the homes of anarchists. Thousands of people were hauled off by the Feds and imprisoned for no reason at all. Michael Barkun, a Syracuse Univer- sity political scientist, said, "Periods of intense crisis are not always the best periods to make public policy. What's probably best is a little waiting period." Paul Wilkinson, a terrorism special- ist at St Andrews University, Scotland, believes there is no need for a dramat- ic rewriting of US law giving the FBI and other law-enforcement agencies new broad intrusive powers. He be- lieves the existing anti-racketeering statutes could be used effectively to in- vestigate, confront and punish citizen militias plotting terrorist actions and he argues that the Feds should dip in to their past and plunder their organ- ised-crime case histories to find tech- nical and operational answers to prob- lems posed by domestic terrorists. To do otherwise risks encouraging the partisanship and the widespread paranoia Clinton is complaining about. The wildly mixed anti-government sub- culture of militiamen that McVeigh and his co-conspirators come from has one common factor. All the groups in it hold biblically derived visions of an end time of final social upheaval. Feds intrusively running around are likely merely to inflame the militiamen and lead to Waco-style confrontations. In a letter to a New York state newspaper in 1992 — it was not pub- lished at the time — McVeigh remark- ed, "Politicians are further eroding the American Dream by passing laws which are supposed to be a 'quick fix', when all they are really designed for is to get the officials re-elected. These laws tend to dilute a problem for a while, until the problem comes roaring back in a worsened form." It would be more than a shame if McVeigh was turned into a self-fulfil- ling prophecy for government overre- action. NORMAN ABJORENSEN writes of the one outstanding success in the lacklustre Clinton Administration. Janet Reno: a rocky confirmation process then a household name. BY ANY measure Janet Reno has been the one outstanding suc- cess of the lacklustre and some- times tawdry Clinton Administration, which is a bit of a surprise for some- one who has been called a racist, a les- bian and a police-hater. As Attorney-General of the United States of America (the first woman to hold the job of the country's top law enforcement officer) Janet Reno occu- pies what is arguably the most politic- ally charged office in the land. Yet she is either such an unusual non-politic- ian or such an extremely skilled poli- tical operator that she is able to shrug off the political tag to disarm the crit- ics and win over the cynics and scep- tics. However, in the tense and uneasy post-Oklahoma City climate, law and order has again become the most chal- lenging political and social issue. Law and order is now an issue now on which Bill Clinton has to be seen to be doing something if he is to have even a remote chance of re-election next year. It is now history how Clinton, fresh- ly elected in 1993, insisted on having a woman as his chief legal officer, and how his first two nominees came em- barrassingly unstuck. Then, on the re- commendation of Hillary Clinton's law- yer brother, he named Janet Reno as third cab off the rank; she went on to sail impressively through the poten- tially rocky confirmation process and suddenly became a household name. Largely unknown outside her native Florida, where she has been an effec- tive if controversial state attorney, the determinedly no-nonsense Miss Reno found herself centre stage of the na- tion, the Administration's point person on such explosive and divisive issues as abortion, gun control, terrorism and violence on television. She came to office unburdened by any owed favours but also a conspicu- ously non-insider in incestuous Wash- ington and not especially close to any powerful figures. There was no politic- al safety net, no guaranteed soft land- ing if she stumbled. The powerful justice bureaucracy in Washington was uncertain what was in store, and after some three weeks in the job she chose to address almost 1000 employees in the drab brick courtyard at the centre of the Justice building: "I'm the new kid on the block, and I thought I should let you know my hopes and dreams and how I do things," she began. "While I'm Attorney-General, we will address each issue with one question: What's the right thing to do? ... "Let us leave here today resolved to ask of ourselves and others as we seek justice, remembering that sometimes doing the right thing is very politically unpopular. Sometimes it will be pain- ful, for it will, of necessity, hurt some- one. But with strength and courage, let us face that question unafraid and to- gether seek justice for all." She spoke only for 11 minutes but in that time apprehension evaporated as she won the hearts of her audience. A tall woman — some 185cm in heels — she has learned to use her height to advantage and, it must be said, to intimidate if necessary. Yet at the same time she is far from aloof, in- stinctively bending down to talk to children. There is something very hockey sticks about Reno, her strong jawline somehow emphasised by the simple, easy-care fringe haircut she favours. Her only make- up is a light red lip- stick. The granddaughter of Danish immi- grants (who changed their name from Rasmussen to Reno after looking at a map of the United States), she was raised in a small house on the edge of a swamp. Both her parents were news- paper journalists, her father a respect- ed long-time police reporter and her mother a writer turned public-rela- tions person who grew increasingly ec- centric. In later years, as part of her PR job. she would wrestle alligators. Reno was voted "most intelligent" student by her classmates at the end of high school. With a choice of colleges, Reno chose Cornell University in New York, more than 1500km from home. She had wanted to enrol in law, but her moth- wanted her to be a doctor and she ma- jored in chemistry. While her fellow students mixed work with play, Reno would just knuckle down to her studies. Graduating in 1960, she went on to Harvard to study law — her mother by now delighted — and as just one of 16 women among 509 men, the atmo- sphere was daunting. Harvard has re- luctantly admitted women only from 1950 and that reluctance was still around when Reno arrived. Continued on Page C4. Janet Reno's politically charged office Continued from Page C3 ON GRADUATION, her prized Harvard law degree failed to win her the job she most wanted, a summer job with a top corporate-law firm in Miami. Reno was turned down flat: the firm had no female law- yers and saw no reason to change. Her first law firm partner when she branched out on her own, Gerald Lewis, who entered state politics in Florida, remembers her as one of the best lawyers he has ever known. "You've never met a more organised person," he says. At just 39, Reno went on to be- come the first female state attor- ney in Florida's history. It was no quiet little backwater; rather, Mi- ami was at the front line of Amer- ican crime: it was the main entry point for narcotics and illegal im- migration, and criminal gangs and corruption flourished. Reno's appointment was an in- terim one. She had been chosen to complete the term of the previous attorney, who had resigned, and she set a cracking pace from the outset. People began to take notice. There was also Reno's characteris- tic rectitude with her insisting on paying full price for anything she bought, be it a pizza or a new car. It reached the public when she in- tervened in a case in which the assistant state attorney- general had 116 $5 overdue parking fines but had negotiated a deal with a sympathetic judge for a fine of just $75. He was forced to resign. Unlike most public officials, Re- no had her telephone number listed in the directory, and she was often called at various hours by members of the public seeking redress on this or that — once at 1am by a man complaining about his neighbour's roosters. However, life was anything but roses. The first real cloud in the Reno sky came when police raided a house suspected of harbouring a stash of drugs and beat two black men who had resisted them, thinking they were robbers. It was the wrong house and the beatings outraged the black community. After an investigation, Reno an- nounced: "They made a mistake ... There was no criminal intent. There was no crime of trespass." To compound matters, Reno's of- fice was to charge several respect- ed black officials with corruption and a black County Commissioner with illegal bingo operations. She was accused of being racist, the black publisher of the Miami Times, Garth Reeves, saying she "is to the black community what Hitler was to the Jews". But worse was to come. When a black motorcyclist was stopped and beaten by white policemen and subsequently died and a jury acquitted them (Reno having been branded "anti-police" for prosecut- ing them), Miami erupted in vio- lence. After four days, 16 people were dead and much of the city was in smoking ruins. Black leaders called on Reno to resign. She re- fused, saying, "If a relatively small number of people can riot and force an elected official from office, that is anarchy and the de- struction of the democratic pro- cess." She hired more black lawyers and went out to the communities, talking, questioning, explaining, and refusing to wear a bulletproof vest, take a deputy or carry a gun. She always made a point of going back to people to follow up their concerns. It worked. Five years after the riots — and with Reno comfort- ably re-elected — she was greeted with applause and cheers as she marched in the annual Martin Lu- ther King parade through Liberty City, Miami's biggest black neigh- bourhood. But there is cause to question Reno's judgment. A disturbing in- cident concerned her approval of the plan to raid the holed-up members of the Branch Davidian sect at Waco two years ago. RENO WAS in Baltimore when she heard the terrible news: the sect had set alight the build- ing, killing 75 people, 25 of them children. It was to be, she later said, the worst day in her life. But it also made her a star. Defending the FBI, Reno told a packed media conference in Wash- ington when asked if Clinton had approved the plan: "I made the de- cisions. I'm accountable. The buck stops with me, and nobody ever accused me of running from a de- cision that I made based on the best information that I had." Her approval rating shot up. Profiles were written, the news- paper USA Today dubbed her "Hurricane Reno, an improbable superstar" and People magazine listed her among the 25 "most in- triguing people". Perhaps the most eloquent (and also unexpected) tribute to Reno came from Jesse Helms, the arch- conservative senator from North Carolina, who asked a series of questions about Reno's preference for gun control, opposition to the death penalty and pro-abortion stance. Admitting that he had been lob- bied to oppose Reno's confirma- tion, Senator Helms stunned the Senate by adding, "I think this la- dy is absolutely honourable ... that counts with me. I can get along with people who disagree with me, just so long as they have character. And I believe Ms Reno is a lady of character." The Senate moments later con- firmed Reno as Attorney-General by a vote of 98 to 0. Janet Reno: Doing the Right Thing, by Paul Anderson. John Wiley & Sons, pp328, $39.95. 