Staff writers THE man deported from Australia this week as a suspect ed Muslim terrorist was never a threat to the Jewish com munity, Jewish Community Council of Victoria security chairman Anthony Raitman said. Mr Raitman told the Australian Jewish News that the JCCV had been advised by the authorities of the arrest and deportation of Mohammed Hassanien, but that there was never any danger to the community. B’nai B’rith Anti Defamation Commission executive director Danny Ben Moshe said that his organisation, like the JCCV, had received general information about security concerns, but no specifics on this case. Australian Federal Police arrested Mr Hassanien, 34, in Melbourne on June 1 after he entered Australia from Europe on May 7 on a false passport issued in Denmark where he lives as a refugee. ABC Radio reported on Wednesday that, after Mr Hassanien arrived in Copenhagen under an Australian police escort, Danish police released him saying the only likely charge against him was of using a false passport for which he might be fined. Federal Attorney-General Daryl Williams told Parliament on Tuesday the deportation demonstrated Australia’s continued commitment to prevent international terrorism. He said the operation had involved “wide-ranging co- oper ation with other countries" and “a number of agencies” as well as the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation, the Australian Federal Police, Victoria Police and the Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs. However, he had called for an investigation into why the operational details were revealed in the media so exten sively. The Israeli Embassy in Canberra would not comment on the arrest and deportation although officials were under stood to be taking a close interest in the matter. According to reports from abroad, Mr Hassanien has suspected links with Gamma Islamiya, an Islamic terrorist organisation which claimed responsibility for the recent fatal shooting of 18 Greek tourists outside a Cairo hotel. Danish authorities have also revealed that Mr Hassanien was recently charged with conspiring to bomb Jewish tar gets in Denmark, but was acquitted. 