' ? ' ? ' ? ' ? 'll.''' ? ' ? '' ? ' ? ' ? ?' ? ' ? ''? ? ?' ? '''' ? ? ? ' ? ; bh [?] by Andries Snoek Have you ever heard of Jisp? Perhaps some of our readers have lived there, but that's not very likely. Jisp is a very small village between Wormerveer and Purmer end in North Holland, with a population of just over the one thousand. Whoever enters the Neth erlands Reformed Church of this village, will notice the relief art works, depicting scenes of the former whaling industry. They remind us, that most of the whalers came from this part of the country. Therefore, I chose Jisp to highlight the whaling of olden times. ; 'Noordsche Compagnie' The Northern Company is the least known of the three Dutch companies, which had monopolies of trade all over the world; the other being the East Indies Company ( VOC) and the West Indies Com pany. The Northern Com pany was established in 1614 and received from the States General the monopoly of whaling in the arctic seas. .;. ; Dutch seafarers had dis covered whales in the north ern seas and learned that the English and the Basks (from Spain) caught them, and made good business out of the blubber and the whale bones. The activities concen trated on the arctic island of Spitsbergen, which was originally discovered by Willem Barendsz. From that point of view the Dutch claimed it, but the Danish King regarded the island as part of Greenland, which had been annexed by the Danes. Than there were the English, who had already developed a business of whaling. With force the Danes were blown out of the icy water and, after a period of harass ing each other, the Dutch came (mind you!) to an agreement with the English: they divided Spitsbergen! Smerenburg North-west of Spitsbergen lay the small isle of Amster dam, where Smerenburg was founded, a settlement with try-houses, a fortress, huts, tents, and a church. During the summer season is was a busy community, but in win tertime everything was left alone. However, it appeared that plunderers (mainly Basks) found their way to Smerenburg when it was de serted, and took the entire stock away with them. It was decided to leave seven vol unteers in 1633/34 and they survived, but a year later all volunteers had died from a skirmish when they were found in spring time. There were no volunteers any more! The hey-day of the whal ing was between 1622 and 1635, then, because of overfishing, the catches were not big enough for an effi cient business. When the States-General cancelled the monopoly of the Northern Company, several private companies tried their luck. The whaling flourished again between 1642 and 1660\. Now the blubber was not cooked at Spitsbergen any more, but taken 'home', which meant the Zaan area in North Holland. For the economy of this part of the country the seventeenth cen tury was an important one. The shipbuilding industry benefitted from the whaling, and later the dry-houses and whalebone indutries. Whal ing was the very basis for a prosperous area, still re nowned for its characteristic buildings. Polders North Holland is also re nowned for its 'polders'. Whoever looks at old maps of this province, will notice more water than land. It was a lake district, with the sea to the west and the east. Floodings were part of eve ryday life, and did cost the lives of numerous people. The name of a famous Dutchman should be named in this context: JanAdriaans zoon. Leeghwater (1575 1650). He was born in De Rijp, near Jisp, also a nice lit tle village. Most of his life he lived there, and was intrigued by the water management of the district. He studied for architect and hydraulic engi neering and was soon heav ily involved in the designing of windmills to be used for drainage. Thanks to the growing prosperity of Holland, there was also a growing demand for agricultural products. So, the drainage of the' lakes served two purposes: more security against floods, and new land for agricultural use. One of the biggest lakes, the Beemster, was drained in 1612, followed by the Wor merand the Purmerin 1622, Heerhugowaard in 1 63 1 , and the Schermer in 1635. A big challenge. was the Haarlem mer Lake, south of the IJ. Leeghwater pleaded to also drain this dangerous lake and made some proposals. It would not be before 1852 until this job was finally done. Amager A less known fact from history can also be men tioned here. It happened ear lier, in the 16th century, when King Christian II of Denmark invited farmers from Water land in North Holland, to set tle in Denmark and to de velop, agriculture. . ,._.. Why on earth the Water landers? Isn't there always a woman behind men's initia tives? The King had a mis tress, namedDuveke, and she was the daughter of an Am sterdam widow, Brechtje. Both seemed to have had quite an influence on the King. Their complaints about the quality of Danish vegeta bles persuaded the King to ask for immigrants from North Holland, which was already famous for its mar ket gardening. About two hundred people from Waterland settled in 1516 on the isle of Amager, opposite Kopenhagen, and their colony was called Hollaenderby. For three ages they were bilangual and cher ished their Dutch language. In the 19th century they 'amalgamated' completely, but anyone who visits the isle, can still see their Dutch heritage. ? ? 6 Country Side the 'top' of North Holland has a very special atmos phere. It is packed with his torical cities and villages. But to get a real sense of the country life, one has the leave the modern freeways and the busy cities, and go to the pol ders, with the friendly look ing villages, and impressive farm buildings. Take the bike and enjoy the quietness of the country side, so close to the cities. ? Whaling in the 17th century. 