international 15 parties, 15 women in new Knesset JERUSALEM: When the gavel sounds on June 7 to convene the 15th Knesset, a record 15 political parties will be represented, promis ing a new season of raucous debate in the always contentious legislature. Fifteen women will be sworn in — also a record — when President Ezer Weizman convenes the opening session, to be chaired by the most senior Knesset member, former Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Female representation in the 120-member Knesset will rise by more than 50 percent from the outgoing legislature, which had nine. The previous record was set in 1955, when there were 12 female Knesset mem bers. The new Knesset will also have dozens of new faces, including: • Dalia Rabin-Philosof, daughter of slain Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. In her first venture into politics, she ran as a member of the Centre Party, which is likely to be part of the government of Prime Minister-elect Ehud Barak. Her mother, Leah Rabin, stated last week that she would make a good Education Minister. • Uri Savir, a member of the Centre Party, who served as director-general of the Foreign Ministry in the Rabin government. He was a member of the Israeli negotiating team that met secretly in 1993 with PLO rep resentatives in Norway to hammer out what became the Oslo Accords. • Dr Ahmed Tibi, the former adviser on Israeli affairs to Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat. He resigned the advisory role after his Knesset candidacy sparked controversy because of his ties to Arafat. He was elected along with Azmi Beshara, head of the National Democratic Alliance- Balad. Until his llth-hour withdraw Dalia Rabin-Philosof al, Beshara was the first Israeli Arab to run for Prime Minister. • Rabbi Michael Melchior, a Danish-born former Chief Rabbi of Norway. A religious moderate, he ran as part of the One Israel bloc headed by Barak. He favours land-for peace agreements with Israel’s Arab neigh bours and wants to end military deferments for fervently Orthodox yeshiva students. • Avigdor “Yvette” Lieberman, head of the Israel, Our Home Party representing Russian immigrants. A former aide to outgo ing Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, he was the recent target of an investigation by police officials, who recommended shortly before the May 17 election that he be charged with slander for his attacks on the Avigdor Lieberman judicial system. It is unclear whether there will be any follow-up to that recommenda tion because he is now protected by parlia mentary immunity. ® Husnia Jabara, a member of the leftist Meretz Party, who will be Israel’s first female Arab legislator. Winning a seat after final election results gave Meretz ten seats instead of the previously projected nine, she plans to focus on social, economic and cul tural issues affecting Jewish and Arab Israelis alike. Forty percent of Meretz’s rep resentatives in the incoming Knesset are women, more than any other party. • Yosef “Tommy” Lapid, head of the revi talised Shinui Party, which captured six Knesset seats with its platform calling for the exclusion of all ultra-Orthodox parties from the next government. A former tough-talking political commentator on television talk shows, he has been described as Israel’s Archie Bunker for his conservative views on such issues as women’s rights, religion and homosexuality. • Danny Naveh, a member of the Likud Party, who served as Netanyahu’s cabinet secretary until the election was called last December. He also served as spokesman for then-Defence Minister Moshe Arens during the government of Yitzhak Shamir. Sixteen parties failed to get enough votes for Knesset representation in last month’s election. Among them were the Casino Party, which sought to legalise gambling in Israel, and the Green Leaf Party, which called for the legalisation of marijuana for medicinal purposes. The Pnina Rosenblum Party, named for the cosmetics magnate who headed it, looked likely to get two seats according to preliminary results, but was shut out of the Knesset when final tallies were issued. In addition, two parties in the outgoing Knesset failed to cross the threshold of votes needed for inclusion in the new legislature: • The Third Way, which objected to any Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights and was headed by Avigdor Kahalani, Public Security Minister in the outgoing Netanyahu government; • Tzomet, the right-wing party that ran as part of a Likud coalition in the 1996 election, but ran on its own this time. Television cam eras following Knesset proceedings will no longer be able to focus on the arms-folded, no- compromise stance of party head Rafael Eitan, a former army Chief of Staff known for his anti-Arab views. JTA 