'People don't come Backlot' When you work for Rupert Murdoch, how do you report the fact that Lend Lease has been forced to make a provision for $80 million dollars to cover the appalling flop that is the Fox Backlot? If you expect that the answer is glowing reports and exceptions from the Murdoch owned papers then you'd be wrong. The Daily Telegraph writers did technically avoid the problem of writing about the Backlot disaster by reprinting an AAP piece, but basi- cally the coverage in the Herald, Australian and Telegraph Business pages and the AFR on Thursday 13 July was all pretty much the same. All quotes the CEO of Fox Studios, Kim Williams at length and the fact that backlot lost money while the other parts of Fox Studios are successful. The Australian's coverage, which it put as the lead story on its busi- ness page, typified this approach: Fox Studios chief executive Kim Williams said the Backlot \- one of four elements to the development in Sydney's east- ern suburbs - was trading "substantially below expec- tations". However, the film studio, Bent Street retail complex and a precinct of film and tele- vision industry businesses were trading at or above expectations. Mr Williams said. The only article that stood out was in the Sydney Morning Herald news pages. Again there were quotes from Kim Williams. but rather than asking only suits about the failing tourist attraction the journalist also spoke to the punters like Mrs Venita Trenam of Murray Bridge who: with her husband and four children spent $230 and expected more of a show for the money. She said Warner Brothers Movie World on the Gold Coast had a lot more to offer. She rated the day as about three out of 10. Three out of ten for a $230 day. ... says so much more than any- thing the suits said. This was as close as any of the articles came to the truth - that Backlot is about as cheap and fun as being a Chinese immigrant in a Danish semi-trailer at Dover. So do journalists make more or a difference than proprietors? Probably, but this is not to say that the proprietor's interests don't weigh on journalists. If Backlot was not owned by the same com- pany as the Telegraph, then such a monumental flop in the heart of Sydney would undoubtedly have attracted a harsh, tabloid style story rather than a simple AAP reprint of a business story. The Tele normally talks to the punters and shows how crap businesses are ripping them off. But not when it is the backlot. A proprietor's journos may report the bad news, but they won't be as harsh as nor- mal, because in the end, they know who's picking up the tab. 