How Arik became Prime Minister NEWS ANALYSIS daved immu JERUSALEM: How did Ariel Sharon do it? How did the 72-year-old opposi tion leader win the prime minister ship when just a few months ago most Israelis would have considered it thoroughly unlikely, given Sharon’s long and controversial career as a maverick military officer and hard nosed politician? Sharon was initially seen as a care taker chairman of the Likud Party, voted into the job by dispirited party faithful following former prime minis ter Binyamin Netanyahu’s defeat and resignation in May 1999. It was believed that Sharon, affec tionately known as Arik, was destined to give up the Likud leadership — and any prime ministerial aspirations — when Bibi came back, or when some other bright young hopeful took the helm of the centre-right opposition party. But Sharon never saw things that way. Even in his darkest days — after a commission of inquiry under Chief Justice Yitzhak Kahan ordered him ousted from the Defence Ministry fol lowing the 1982 massacre of Palestin ian refugees by Lebanese Christians at the Sabra and Shatila camps — Sharon continued to believe that he could one day reach the pinnacle of national leadership. A Danish journalist said he unearthed television footage of an interview Sharon gave in Copen hagen just weeks after his 1983 ouster, in which he was asked about running for prime minister. “Certainly. Why not?” Sharon replied. As Israeli votes often are a rejec tion of the incumbent more than an endorsement of the challenger, the first answer to the question of how Sharon won has to be Prime Minister Ehud Barak himself. Despite its deep rifts, the Israeli electorate collectively turned its back on Barak, whom it had overwhelm ingly voted into office just 21 months ago. As the only candidate running against Barak, Sharon benefitted from the mass disillusionment with a leader who promised so much and, much of the public felt, delivered so little. The last four months of violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip — which have taken more than 300 Palestinian lives, but also the lives of more than 50 Israelis — exacerbated voters’ feelings of bitterness and resentment. Voters are dismayed that the negotiations with the Palestinians have come to naught — despite the extensive concessions Barak offered — and they transferred their dismay and anger from the Palestinians to Ariel Sharon campaigns at ivlahane Yehuda market In Jerusalem. Photo: Isranet the Israeli leader who failed. In addition, they have transferred their support to the man who more than any other represents an iron-fist policy against the Arabs, as if to say, “The Palestinians deserve to be pun ished by Ariel Sharon” — even if they know, deep down, that any such “punishment” may also mean more bloodshed and suffering on the Israeli side. In the days leading to the election, when he already appeared resigned to his defeat, Barak spoke privately of a “killing the messenger” syndrome. He is convinced that history will judge him better than his contempo raries do, and that he is being unfair ly castigated for having the courage to do what his predecessors didn’t dare: touch the heart of the Israeli Palestinian conflict Barak’s goal was to reach an accord on the core issues facing Israeli and Palestinian negotiators — Jerusalem, settlements and Palestin ian refugees — or, failing that, to expose the Palestinians’ lack of politi cal will and historical sagacity to reach an agreement on these issues now. Barak believed this was a win-win formula. If he struck a peace accord, the vast majority of the Israeli public would support him — as opinion polls demonstrated right up to elec tion day. Yet if he failed, he believed, the people still would rally round him, as the leader representing the broadest common position vis-a-vis the Palestinians. In the end, however, the Israeli public — infuriated and profoundly shaken by the Palestinians’ rejection of compromise and their turn to vio lence —did not rally around Barak as he had expected. His brief term in office was marked by defections by coalition parties and individual allies, leaving him to wage his re-election campaign isolated and alone. The enthusiasm that Barak’s vic tory generated in May 1999 dried up with mind- boggling rapidity. His own party lieutenants are plot ting to depose him, having spent the past months vilifying him in count less media leaks as an insensitive autocrat and ineffective diplomat. Those leaks have permeated die con sciousness of ordinary voters. Per haps, if the Israeli Arab community had been less determined to boycott Barak — after police killed 13 Arab citizens during riots last October — the Jewish left would have been pre pared to swallow its distaste and sup port him. But the Arabs remained deter mined to demonstrate that they are no longer “in Labour’s pocket”. Without their votes, Barak was doomed. That being the case, many on the left allowed themselves the “luxury” of boycotting Barak as well, or casting blank ballots to show their disillusionment. With this enormous help from Barak, all Sharon needed to do was to avoid mistakes. Closely shepherded by his son, Omri, and American and Israeli election strategists, he accom plished that mission. A campaign designed to portray him as a benevolent grandfather, with a kiss for every child and a kind word in Hebrew or Russian for every voter, successfully blurred the more contro versial episodes of Sharon’s past. Chief among these is the Lebanon War. Barak’s campaign managers believed they could squeeze mileage out of the Prime Minister’s withdraw al of Israeli troops horn Lebanon last May, contrasting that with the 18 years of military embroilment begun by the invasion of Lebanon that Sharon directed in June 1982. But the results of that effort were disappointing for Barak, and Sharon’s camp was relieved to find the damage negligible. Perhaps it’s because the withdrawal has not closed that painful chapter, given the kidnapping of three soldiers by Hezbollah guerril las in October and the continuing volatility of the border region. The left is learning, moreover, that the Lebanon war — with its searing memories for those who experienced it — is only a vague memory in books or newspapers for many younger and immigrant voters who did not live through those traumatic times. JTA LIFE ON THE FRONTLINE 1928 — Bom Ariel Sheinerman in Kfar Malal, near Tel Aviv. 1942-48 — Member of the Haganah, the Jewish fighting force in pre-State Israel. 1948 — Wounded while serving as an infantry commander in Israel's War of Independence. 1952-53 — Studies history and Ori ental studies at Hebrew University. 1953 — Founder and commander of the “Unit 101" anti-terror force. 1954-57 — Commander of a para troop brigade that captures the strategic Mitla Pass during the 1956 Sinai War with Egypt 1958-62 — Studies law at Tel Aviv University. 1964-65 — Chief of Staff for the Northern Command. 1967 — Directs a battle that suc cessfully recaptures the Mitla Pass and the corridor to the Suez Canal. 1969-73 — Heads the IDFs South ern Command. 1973 — Commands an armoured division that crosses the Suez Canal. 1973-74 — Elected to Israel’s eighth Knesset 1974 — Proposes a Palestinian state in Jordan. 1977-81 — Minister for Agriculture and chairman of a ministerial com mittee for settlement. 1981-83 — Appointed Minister of Defence by Begin. April 1982 — Carries out last phase of Israeli evacuation from northern Sinai. June 1982 — Under Sharon’s com mand, Israel invades Lebanon. 1983- 84 — Resigns as Defence Minister but remains as Minister Without Portfolio after a government commission finds Sharon indirectly responsible for the September 1982 massacre of Palestinians at the I Sabr^ and, Shatila refugee camps by Lebanese Christians. 1984- 90 — Minister for Industry and Trade in national unity govern ment. V 1990-92 — Minister for Construc tion and Housing. 1991 — Objects to Madrid peace conference under Shamir. 1996 — Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu creates National Infra structure portfolio for Sharon. 1998 — Becomes Foreign Minister following resignation of David Levy; helps negotiate Wye River accord. 1999 — Netanyahu resigns as Likud Party leader and appoints Sharon as caretaker. Sharon later wins the position outright in a party vote. September 2000 — Palestinian riots erupt following Sharon’s visit to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. December 2000 — Barak’s resig nation forces elections. JTA 