A mixed group of Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian youth, participants in a regional project, "Learning to Live Together in the Middle East," which resulted in the founding of Crossing Borders, Givat Haviva's youth paper. WZPS photo by Garbo Diallo. Givat Haviva, founded in 1949, is Israel’s largest organisation promoting democracy, tolerance and mutual respect between Israel’s diverse communities, integrating new immigrants from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia; presenting Holocaust and resistance workshops; developing community access to art and the media; and working with troubled adolescents and challenged youth. Sharon Kanon looks at the work of the Jewish-Arab Centre for Peace, a pioneer in developing mutual dialogue and programming for Israeli Arabs and Jews and recipient of the prestigious Knesset Speakers Award for Quality of Life. //A rabs are murdering barbarians," "Jews are unfeeling conquerors." These are typical stereotyped images Israelis and Arabs hold about each other, according to Liat Marcus Gross, a facilitator for "Face to Face," a Jewish-Arab encounter experience for high schoolers and university students — one of several programs offered by the Jewish-Arab Centre for Peace at Givat Haviva. Between 30 and 50,000 people participate in innovative programs initiated by Givat Haviva each year, which was founded in 1949, just one year after the State of Israel was established. Besides the Arab-Jewish Centre, the Kibbutz Artzi cultural and educational centre (named for Haviva Reik, a young kibbutznik who was exe cuted after she was caught parachuting into occupied Slovakia to organise resistance against the Nazis), is also a research and documentation centre of the kibbutz movement. Also on the campus is the Moreshet Centre, originally established as a centre for collecting testimonies of concentration camp survivors and resistance fighters from the ghettos. Today, it has developed into a leading research and educational centre for the study of the Holo caust, which include workshops in primary schools on "Children in the Holocaust," orien tation seminars and trips to Poland and even a course for Arab youth on the Holocaust, which focuses on education for tolerance and accept ance of "The Other." A unique curriculum for Israeli children with special needs was support ed by the Jewish Agency. Walking around the rustic campus of Givat Haviva in the Binyamina countryside, I observed Arab and Jewish women in a pottery class in the Art Centre; a group of Jewish high school students from Ofakim taking a break from a two-day seminar on living with minorities; and Arab teenagers from the nearby Baka El Garbia High School — many of whom had been involved in violence — learning about citizen ship in a democratic system. "We deal with conflict management," said Myriam Dagan, Director of Counselling Centre for Peace. Gender issues, relations between mother and child, boy/girl relationships, funda mental problems of new immigrants and eth nic friction are all tackled in workshops organised by the dauntless centre. Their goal? To break down stereotypes and show young people how they can be less angry by raising self-esteem and encouraging dialogue between Jews and Arabs. Students participating in the encounter groups are encouraged to be candid in express ing what is on their minds and in their hearts and are helped by facilitators to understand how their own prejudices cause them to demonise the other side. "Before we met I was afraid," said Iris Klein of Kibbutz Ramot Menashe, a student in the two-year award winning program "Children Teaching Chil dren" (chosen for the Millennium Expo). "The meetings made me see Palestinians as human beings — not those who throw stones and who scream about death to the Jews." Ahmad Amara, a Palestinian Arab student at Tel Aviv University, was also frank: "Fighting for the Palestinian people's cause,” he said, "is the value I hold highest. The feeling that we are Arabic is with us all the time. Even if I go to a disco in Tel Aviv, I sometimes can't get in simply because I'm an Arab..." “The meetings made me see Palestinians as human beings — not those who throw stones and who scream about death to the Jews.” "I would like people to understand that, like a coin, this situation also has two sides, wrote Ella Menashe of Movo'ot Iron School in the December 2000 issue of Crossing Borders, Givat Haviva's bi-monthly regional youth news paper. "I do not feel guilty for living on the land of my country, while you are trying to blame me. We give and give — you only take. We give some — you want it all... I do not know if any of us is right or wrong. All I know, as a young Israeli girl, is that this is no way to live, to raise children or to live as a teenager." Crossing Borders is sponsored by DANIDA, the Royal Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as part of a regional project "Learning to Live Together in the Middle East" and has a circulation of 25,000. The 20-member staff of the year-old newspaper is composed of Israeli Jews and Arabs, Palestinian and Jordanian youngsters who met for four days in Turkey in November 2000 in order to produce the last issue. "Although apprehensive in the begin ning because of the uprisings," said Dr Sarah Ozacky-Lazar, Director of the Jewish-Arab Centre for Peace, "by the second day the youngsters were swimming, going to discos and shopping together." Previous issues of the youth newspaper included articles on a variety of teen- interest topics, such as stress, yoga, learning disabilities, family, movies, music, friends, love, sports and travel. The Israeli-Arab conflict however, was the sole topic in the December issue. According to Givat Haviva spokesman Mohammad Darawshe, an Israeli Arab and an outspoken proponent of non-violent political action, dialogue and understanding is only a first stage. "It is not enough to sit and eat humus together," he said. "Israel needs a national authority to deal with Arab- Jewish relations." "We should not forget that peace depends not only on political agreements, but, to a great extent, on peace becoming a way of life, a social culture," adds Dr. Rachel Aharoni, director of Givat Haviva. Responding to the lat est crisis, she said, "We are not partners to the illusion that getting rid of prejudices is an easy and simple thing. It is a long and difficult process. Now, we know more than ever the price of violence." WZPS 3 