Gazing at cartoons in a glass house ISRAELI DOWN UNDER. CHEMISHALEV In the clash over the Danish cartoons, born-again Jewish libertarians have picked the wrong battle to man their barricades. YOU probably don’t remember Tatyana Soskin, a young Jewish immigrant who came to Israel in the mid-1990s from the former Soviet Union. I was reminded of her as the argument raged over the cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed originally published in the Danish daily Jyllends Posten. Soskin, a graphic arts student who was also an extreme right-wing activist, achieved notoriety in 1998 when a Jerusalem court sentenced her to two years in prison. Her crime: drawing a cartoon that depicted the Prophet Mohammed as a pig stepping on the Koran, and then distributing it among the Arabs of Hebron. In both her trial and her appeal before the Israeli Supreme Court, Soskin’s judges found that her right to freedom of speech, though substantial, was not absolute, and had to be bal anced against the possible offence caused to the religious beliefs of others. I It is Jews, after all, who have rightly lobbied for - and in many cases achieved - legislation making it a criminal offence to deny the Holocaust - a clear and unequivocal infringement on “freedom of speech”. In her case, distributing a cartoon of Mohammed as a pig in such a hotbed of tension and violence as Hebron was akin to lighting a match near a keg of dynamite. The deed definitely falls under the famous guideline laid down by US Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, who set limits on the American Constitution’s First Amend ment guarantee of freedom of speech by saying: “The most stringent protec tion of free speech would not protect a man falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic.” Because of the clear potential to inflame emotions, create mayhem and inflict casualties, Soskin’s offence earned her a relatively severe prison sentence. I was reminded of Soskin and of Israel’s rather dim view of religious vil ification as I noticed that many Jews had suddenly become ardent admirers of Voltaire and his pledge to “fight to the death” for freedom of speech. Some, like world renowned and much admired Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz, have set themselves as arbiters of Muslim taste: Dershowitz told Time magazine that the cartoons “are not nearly as bad as cartoons that routinely run in the Muslim media against Jews, Christians the US and Israel” No one doubts, of course, that the Arab and Muslim press routinely pub lish vulgar and atrocious anti-Jewish, anti-Zionist and anti-Israeli filth and have been doing so for decades. Nonetheless, I see no reason to describe a cartoon that shows the Prophet Mohammed donning a turban that is in fact a bomb as relatively tame. Religious offence, after all, is mainly in the eye of the believer. In fact, in my opinion, “people who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones”, or at least should be very careful when they do. It is Jews, after all, who have rightly lobbied for — and in many cases achieved - legislation making it a criminal offence to deny the Holocaust \- a clear and unequivocal infringement on “freedom of speech”. One can claim with impunity that the Armenian geno cide never happened, that Stalin was a benevolent ruler who never hurt a fly or even that the Aborigines were actually a pampered lot - and at worst, risk being described as a kook. But deny the Holo caust and you go to jail. In fret, the respected weekly, the Economist, made that very same con nection this week, in defending the newspapers that had published the Danish cartoons: “Denying the Holo caust,” the newspaper said, “should cer tainly not be outlawed; far better to let those who deny well-documented facts expose themselves to ridicule than pose as martyrs.” I have no argument with those who claim that Muslim extremists are the enemies of free speech and are trying to stifle any criticism levelled against them. I just happen to believe that God should be kept out of it, and that born again Jewish libertarians have picked the wrong battle to man their barri cades. AT the same time, I fully concur with a letter that made its rounds on the internet this week, in which an anonymous author asked how it is that the Muslims are “outraged” by the newspaper cartoons, and where was this outrage when there was 9/11, Beslan, suicide bombings, the London bombings, the genocide in Darfur, slav ery, subjugation of women and a litany of other outrageous and heinous acts carried out in the name of Islam. . And another thing: although many Jews have expressed some schaden freude at the plight of Denmark, given its critical attitudes to latter-day Israeli policies, I think that the Danes are far from expending their long line of Jew ish credit. Of all the countries of Europe, it is the only one (perhaps along with Bulgaria) that saved its (admittedly small) Jewish population during the Holocaust in an act of brav ery unparalleled then or since. The long memories of Jews sometimes seem very short. Chemi Shalev, associate editor of the AJN, is an Israeli journalist currently living in Sydney. His column appears fortnightly. 