Does British plus Muslim equal extremist? Book review LONDONISTAN Melanie Phillips Encounter Books, $56 Reviewed by Joff Lelliott WHEN I put this book down, I didn’t so much feel I had read it, than I had been beaten around the head with it. Londonistan has stirred up controversy and debate in Britain. The book’s central argument is that Britain, and London in particular, has “sleepwalked” into being a centre of Islamic extremism, and that British values and culture are becoming secondary to those of Islam. Philips blames multiculturalism, liberal attitudes in the estab lishment and a policy of appeasing extremism. On its publication, the book divided Britain into passionate camps, with the stereotype of liberal/left Guardian readers pitted against authoritarian Daily Mail read ers. To make things more interesting, Phillips has since changed sides. For many years she was a Guardian journalist, but her views have altered and she now writes a populist column for The Daily Mail - The Guardian's nemesis. (It’s only fair to declare that this reviewer spent 30 years in London with a copy of The Guardian tucked under his arm.) Although primarily about Islamic extrem ism, this sprawling book takes a wide sweep and Phillips attacks multiculturalism, immi gration, the asylum system, liberal thinking, the welfare system, the churches, political correctness, the establishment, the media, modern parenting, the European Union, school curricula, the universities and inter national organisations. I was left wondering who wants the more profound changes in Britain: Islamic extremists or Melanie Phillips. There are, of course, extremists within Islamic communities and terrorist attacks and suicide bombers are real, as is anti semitism among some Muslims. But it is a question of perspective and scale. Although she denies it, Phillips sees almost all Muslims as fanatics and Islam as a funda mentally-flawed religion feeding extremism. Her attacks on Islam and Muslims are almost unremitting, but every so often she pauses for breath and tells us not all Muslims are bad, before continuing the onslaught. Major problems with the book stem from a poor use of sources. Melanie Phillips takes any statement by radical Muslims and simply extrapolates, arguing that it is representative of Muslim opinion generally. Furthermore, the book lacks almost any proper research. Thumbing through the ref erences we find Phillips relies overwhelm ingly on newspaper reports. This becomes laughable when The Sun, the notorious British tabloid, is cited as if it were scholarly and reliable. It is one thing to suggest Britain’s teachers, media, churches and even politicians are too liberal. But when she argues the security services, police and judiciary are paralysed by their liberalism and their political correct ness, we begin to get a sense of where Melanie Phillips is coming from. She tells us the burga (a traditional head dress) is “a political statement of antagonism towards the British state” and the re-printing earlier this year of Danish cartoons depicting Mohammed as a terrorist “were an expres sion of high moral purpose”. For Melanie Phillips, all elements of British society are in cahoots with Islamists and only a brave few will name the appeasing of extremism and subjugation of the British peo ple for what it is. For this reviewer, Britain’s multicultural ism is something to be treasured, not deni grated as “moral inversion”. But that probably just forms part of the liberal-left alliance with Islamic extremism that Melanie Phillips sees everywhere. Dr Joff Lelllott has a PhD in Jewish studies from University College, London, and is an honorary research advisor at the University of Queensland. 