? :.i ?; ? ? -????? ? / [?] ^2g)^(3g)5§ ^ £g) ^ ^ ^ ® By Rob Lancaster Prejudices people hold in relation to conten tious social issues affect the dynamic of society and set the social trajectory of a country. And yet so many subjects are slave to superficial media treatment, sweeping political rhetoric and insidious spin. But maybe it's all swings and roundabouts. Maybe education and accurate information is simply a long route to the same conclusion on a given issue. Maybe people are able to cut through to a rational assessment even in tne aosence or ail me racts. ur mayoe not. When ignorance is redressed and people are exposed to informed debate, opinions change. Over the weekend of March 3-4, a repre sentative sample of 340 Australians converged on Old Parliament House to take part in a deliberative poll. Deliberative polling, as the name suggests, is a process that examines how the public respond when exposed to informed debate on a question and given the chance to deliberate with their peers. This conference, ' organised by Issues Deliberation Australia, a non-partisan, non-political thinktank, focused on the issue of Muslims and non-Muslims in Australia. In order to give the perspectives of ev eryday. Muslims, the 340 delegates were joined by 40 Muslim- Australians, drawn from focus groups conducted before the conference. In what was a fairly tightly controlled social experiment, delegates were divided into 26 groups, only half of which included Mus lim-Australians. In each of the four plenary sessions, group representatives were given an opportunity to ask the respective panels the questions they had formulated in the course of their group discussions. Far from being a propaganda project to encourage acceptance of Muslims, the delegates were exposed to the full spectrum of views. Panelists included Muslim scholars, ? *-.....?...; academics, Christians, social com mentators, journalists, psychologists, lawyers, and a politician. Federal government representation was conspicuous by its absence. There were well-considered and sound offerings from vari ous sides of the debate. Some, however, were clearly more adept than others at effectively presenting their message. Denis McCormack, co-founder of Australians Against Fur ther Immigration Party, offered the gathering a master-class in alienation, as he unfurled a Union Jack and lamented the policy of multiculturalism by which Australia had become sodden. Pauline Hanson would have been proud. By con trast, Sheik Mohammed Omran, of the Islamic Information and Support Centre of Australia, increasingly endeared him self to the audience.' Who needs to change?' was the ques tion from one group — 'Everyone, replied the Sheik. This succinctness marked a departure from his initially verbose and rambling responses, a point not lost on the chair of the session, Bob Hawke, who chimed in: 'he's changed!' There was laughter all round, not least of all from the Sheik. And therein lay another answer to some delegates' initial concerns — in light of incidents such as the Danish political cartoons, .. do Muslims have a sense of humour? Clearly they do. The process drew criticism from certain quarters for su perficial treatment of some questions by the panelists. Janet Albrechtsen, commentator with The Australian and herself a panelist at the conference, was quick to lambaste the whole process, labelling it a 'talk fest' and a con job' ('Group hugs can be dangerous'- The Australian blog, 7/3). However, those privy to the smaller group discussions can testify to the vigour of their debate and the way in which issues were - broached with no mincing of words. And indeed Mike Steketee, national affairs editor with The Australian, who had also been present throughout the weekend, politely rejected Albrechtsen's assessment ('Facts and figures punch ? holes in the fear of veils'- The Australian, 8/3). It is only unfortunate that (more or less) educated individuals such as Albrechtsen seek to manipulate the truth and fuel the fire of intolerance with their emotive diatribe. The Muslim population in Australia is unquestionably growing, but the poll certainly put the picture in its proper perspective for many delegates. A noteworthy element of the research indicated that Australians overestimate the number of Muslims in Australia (the answer is 1.5 per cent), with only 30 per cent responding correctly before the weekend, this rising to 95 per cent after the poll. Asked what would happen if the figure were to rise to 5 per cent, Waleed Aly, director of the Islamic Council of Victoria, began by saying 'I think life will go on', then adding as an afterthought/There'll probably be more kebab shops' And this seemed to be the sentiment reflected amongst the vast majority of participants in the wake of the poll - Yes, there is a small minor ity that causes trouble, as there is a minority in every group that causes trouble, but ultimately there is nothing inherent in Islam that warrants our mistrust or fear. We are all human beings. Perhaps slightly trite, but indisputably true. In relation to other significant questions, before the weekend 35 per cent of delegates considered Muslims to be a threat to the Aus- I tralian way of life. This figure fell to 22 per cent by the end of the . I poll. Initially, 49 per cent felt that the incompatibility of Muslim . ; I and non- Muslim values was a significant contributor to terrorism, I whilst only 22 per cent maintained that view after the weekend. I The problem of international terrorism (Islamic or otherwise) I remains and cannot be ignored. But there is also a broader problem I of understanding across cultural and religious divides and, whilst I a group hug will only achieve so much, the value in dialogue ought I not be underestimated. Dr Eboo Patel, founder and executive I director of the Interfaith Youth Core, insists that, although some I may not like it, pluralism is here and it's here to stay. 'The question I is: what are we going to do about it?' The results of this deliberative I poll seem to encourage one initial step - be informed. - I 