Carving a sculptor’s legacy in stainless steel CHANTALABfTBOL IS stainless-steel sculptures have dotted -the country’s cityscapes for decades, earning him a reputation as one of Australia’s best-known sculptors. These days, at the ripe age of 85, Bert Flugelman is still going strong. Ten of his latest sculptures, including Nautilus, are being exhibited at the Peter Pinson Gallery, until December 20. The exhibit coincides with the release of a book on Flugelman's public sculptures titled On Further Reflection by Peter Pinson, with photographs by David Perry. When asked about what keeps him going, Flugelman answers with an air of humility: “I like what I'm doing. It’s one of the few things that keep me amused.” His latest geometric series includes one metre-high domestic sculptures conceived for being scaled-up into large works for gardens, One of Australia’s best known sculptors... Bert Flugelman. Photo: David Perry parks, campuses or other public spaces. Flugelman said he’d like to see them devel oped on a grander scale, but is doubtful given the current economic climate. “I think I’ve got little chance. I’d like to be proven wrong,” he said. With a career spanning over five decades, Flugelman’s commissioned public works have become icons of cities across Australia, sucn as his sculpture of two huge reflective spheres in Adelaide’s Rundall Mall, popularly referred to as the “Mali’s Balls”. Last year, Flugelman exhibited his sculp ture, Tetrapus, inspired by octopuses and fos sils of prehistoric marine creatures, for Sydney’s coastline Sculpture by the Sea exhibi tion. And next year, he's been invited by the Danish city of Aarhus to exhibit the same sculpture when it hosts its first such seaside exhibition. Flugelman immigrated to Australia from Vienna, in 1938. Bert Flugelman: Recent Sculptures is currently exhibiting at Peter Pinson Gallery, 143 Edgecliff Road, Woollahra, until December 20. On Further Reflection is available from the Peter Pinson Gallery, the bookshop of the Art Gallery of New South Wales, or select Sydney bookshops. 